--------------
sentences
--------------
My father spotted several spelling mistakes in my composition.
They set to work accumulating a huge mass of data. The scandal
obliged the minister to resign. An extraordinarily large order
bucked up all the staff. Do not leave behind any personal
belongings. The possession of a degree does not guarantee you a
job. There is already evidence clear to show that plants and
animals are being affected by the radioactive pollution in Japan.
He accumulated a lot of experience in finance while working abroad.
You are obliged to assign to me your firm by the contract. I've
been hunting for my cat for months, but I couldn't find it. Last
Sunday he made a promise that if he was free he would take me to
Qingdao. The Olympic Games, first played in 776 B.C., did not
include women players until 1912. This farm is in the possession
of them. He clings to the belief that one day he will be able to
return to his native home. What troubles me is that I can't learn
all these English idioms by heart. The reason why the little
actress has been such a success is that she is both clever and
hard-working.

We are working in association with a number of local companies
to raise money for the homeless. To my surprise, he refused to
cooperate with us. It is difficult to get used to another country's
customs. The knife can be used to cut meat. Twenty shillings were
equal to one pound before 1971. The book has enjoyed a success
unparalleled in recent publishing history.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west. He turned on the
torch to look for his keys. I can hardly recognize her, because she
just had her hair cut a moment ago. The police are anxious to
apprehend a middle-aged man believed to be armed with a gun.
Although she does hate him, he did send her a postcard last week.
You'd better get used to doing as you're told. She recognized the
stranger as her son through his accent. Now that she is out of job,
Lucy has been considering going back to school, but she hasn't
decided yet. The job was new to Charles, and for a few days he was
all at sea.

The archaeologist find some trace of an ancient civilization in
that area. We decorated the house for Christmas. The history of
public education in the United States dates from the society of
the early pioneers. We reconstructed what the dinosaur looked like
from a few of its bones. After a long rest on the bench we moseyed
up to the museum. To choose time is to save time. We are all fragile,
and Emma has her vulnerabilities too. Classical scientific ideas
about light were changed by Einstein. She runs up the stairs with
a light graceful step. Our foreign trade has expanded during recent
years. The increase in the country's prosperity was due to the
discovery of oil. The cultural relic discovered lately dates from
the Ming Dynasty. It turns out that we were more successful than
we had anticipated. He was wearing dark glasses to protect his eyes
from the sun. A collector of antique cars asked Frank to look out
for a 1906 gas head lamp. The official historian must have the
ability to compile history. This is but just a small loss to us.
Don't make such a fuss over it.

He's as tender as a chicken and not up to hard manual work.
This will help do away with heavy manual labor and raise productivity.
A mother would sacrifice her life for her children. They may have to
raise prices or sacrifice profits. The privilege should come with
weighty conditions. Parking in this street is the privilege of the
resident. People who do manual work are usually called the blue collar.
They fought against privilege in order to create a fairer society.
My promotion brings into question the status of certain other members
of staff. Pets are often referred to as man's best friend, and for
good reason. Could you manage chopsticks or would you rather have
a knife and fork? In the case of Iraq, the Security Council did act
int the early 1990s. I remember I have said the English diary is the
only thing to be worth doing these days. Americans eat more than twice
as many vegetables per person nowadays as they did in 1990s. The house
rent is expensive, I've got about half the space I had at home, but I
am paying three times as much here. With the help of the German experts,
the factory produced twice as many cars in 2010 as the year before.
You'd better stop gossiping. Remember, a close mouth catches no flies.
Later, as editor of the group's magazine, he advocated political violence.
Richer nations are assumed to be above such measures, but not in
extreme circumstances. There are plenty of alarming statistics to back
up the anecdotes. With the advent of high-speed data transmission in
the 1980s, teletype gave way to e-mail and fax. He was fired on the spot.
She dreamed to be a poet, so she spent her spare time composing poetry.
The journal makes its appearance once every two months. Mr. Putin's
stunts will help him retain his image, in the eyes of many, as Russia's
supreme leader. We need a man of original ideas. The senator denied ever
making such a statement. The boss threatened to dismiss him from his job,
but it's all a bluff. The passengers are getting impatient at the delay.
Seldom does the United States look at Europe with economic envy. Hardly
did I think it's possible. As a pupil, he had to go to school, so he
can't go to the hospital to visit his grandma everyday. They arrived at
the farmhouse, in front of which sat a small boy.

I was surprised at how noisy the trading room was in the background.
A security guard was killed in the back raid. Likewise hundreds of
Iraqi soldiers who scramble from their muddy spider holes to hop into
their tanks when they realize the shelling is not a precision air raid.
They seem to have much more knowledge about theatre, arts, cultural issues
and politics and they do have a fantastic sense of humor. For instance,
although cockroaches have a fantastic memory, he says, trying to teach
them is futile when they have bits of their body missing. The lock was
rusty, so we had to smash the door open. She wore so much jewellery that
she seemed to be covered in gold. The trumpets blared as the procession
got under way. It is so fantastic that a child of 5 can speak English
so good. She inherited a big fortune, then lived in luxury all her life.
There were many people in the bus, which still has few vacant seats.
The sick old man does nothing but stare at the ceiling all day long.
She stood there, with tears rolling down from her cheeks. The thief
stood before the policeman, with his head down admitting what he had
done. With a lot of work to do, I have to sit up tonight.

Local officials say some victims were mutilated and beheaded. The invaders
cut off their prisoners' arms and legs and threw their mutilated bodies
into the ditch. Don't smoke, chew gum, eat or drink. This card is not lost
supplement, please safekeeping. They pick up vibration and sound, so they
can identify advancing troops. A database is then able to identify each
and every animal that's photographed. But a news agency can retain exclusive
use of its product so long as it has a commercial value. Targeted vaccination
would be just as effective so long as it was combined with rapid detection
of the outbreak and rapid response. Quitting can be productive sometimes,
so long as you know when to do it. I'll chew it over for a few days and let
you know my opinion. He proposed to her last week, but she treated his
proposal as a joke. I know an eligible young lady who would be an excellent
cooperator for you. He watched for his chance to propose to her. He used a
microphone so that everyone could hear him. It's impossible to keep children
safe from all the dangers. For convenience, we may classify the students
into four groups. He was a spokesman for the workers on strike. I'll lend
you my car as long as you return it intact. You will certainly succeed so
long as you keep on trying. Provided that there is no opposition, we shall
hold the meeting here. The two boys agreed to let bygones be bygones and
make friends again.

We should not rashly accept battle. Some people jumped rashly to the
conclusion that something must be wrong. The number of visitors outside
an enclosure had no effect on the behaviour of the animals within it.
Farmers may want to put up electric fences to enclose grazing areas, called
paddocks. The couple enjoy the country life of privacy very much. Now that
the president has a following wind, confronting him looks riskier. Despite
the high divorce rate, marriage has never been more popular. Despite the
economic crisis, it sees 2009 as an opportunity to grab market share. My
car was splashed over with mud. I enclosed my photograph with this letter.
The Dutch often skate along the canals in winter. At 8,000 feet above sea
level, Ethiopia's capital city is the highest in Africa. Helicopters perform
poorly in hot weather and at high latitude. China's population will increase
by 20 million in the next thirty years, according to a report published on
Thursday. I prefer the taste of chicken to that of other kinds of fowl. You
can never accept a different point of view, can you? He would keep in touch
with us wherever he was. Whoever you are, you have a right to learn. You may
dance with whomever you like at the dancing party. Whatever happens, keep
calm.

Angels fascinate, as Christmas-card-makers rediscover every year. Such photos
always fascinate me. I mean the color photos from the past, the older the
better. Sequoias fascinate people by their size and age. He was certainly
an affectionate fellow. It was all owing to his too affectionate nature,
which craved for admiration. Ghost towns give people a tangible connection
to a mysterious past, says Mr. Baker. The woman seemed desirous, yet reluctant
to speak, and answered in low, mysterious tone. He was submissive to a word of
advice. They pride themselves on their independence, their right to make up
their own minds. The impact of the crash hurtled the driver against the
windshield of the car. To create strong visual impact in your pages, make some
things stand out. Setbacks contain not only challenges, but opportunities as
well. When the cat's away, the mouse will play. Cat's hide their claws. There
are more ways of killing a cat than by choking it with cream. A great big
world awaits, and I'll enjoy the sunshine. Anything to do with old myths
and legends fascinates me. He was very affectionate towards his children.
The submissive daughter never fights against her parents. Of the seven
brothers, only four now remain, the rest are dead. I am suspicious of
his intentions. Though they are best friends, they have nothing in common.
There's plenty of room for everyone inside. The salesman refused to bargain
over the price. It's not uncommon that the more you eat, the fatter you will
get. Only few people survive this disastrous tsunami.

This is indeed a colossal success. This massive overbuild is being fuelled
by the colossal scale of industrialisation. Mix all ingredients and store
in a tight-lidded jar. We recommend storing beans in a clean, dry, air-tight
container, in a cool dark place. When you do, you have the guarantee that
the peace of God will flood your heart and mind. From the battlement of the
tower float a flag in the soft wind. I could float off this floor like a
soap bubble if I wish to. Through the open windows snatches of melody float
on the night air. The train accident was tragic, for two trainers and ten
trainees were dead. And with his Irishman's sense of the tragic, she also
knew that he felt something about such emptiness. Let us hope that it will
not take a direct black hole collision with Earth to determine whether
Einstein was right. There is more to the story than an angry collision
between Greek profligacy and German moral superiority. Jack flees out a
back window, narrowly escaping the agents. Pittsburgh narrowly avoided
bankruptcy in 2003, and was forced into state receivership. I narrowly
missed being hurt by a car yesterday. The boss decided to pass over his
slight mistakes. The leaves tremble in the breeze. All of a sudden we felt
the earth tremble around us. A faint blush came into her cheek. There was
a faint feeling of unrest at the table. Two faint hopes flicker in the
sodden gloom left by the cyclone. Soon the trenches and the hospital were
places of horror. For every visitor, there is one particular bit of horror
that he knows he will never forget. The crew abandoned the burning ship.
He ran to the edge of the lake and plunge in. He didn't hesitate to plunge
into the river to save the child. It's interesting to plunge into the cool
water in the hot summer. This is the virgin voyage of the ship. The town
was flooded after the storm. He went to pieces when they told him the tragic
news. After arriving in Canada, I will leave for Paris. By the announcement
of the Students' Union, the party should begin at 8:00 tonight. She is so
fat that she cannot get through the door. Nowadays, many people regard their
pets as one member of their family. As the weather was bad, I didn't go.
To my surprise, the laziest boy in the class also passed the exam. Her
breathing became so faint.

Your guilty secret is safe with me. The boosters are guilty of over-optimism.
How tolerant of criticism is the prime minister? It culminated in a vision of
a more tolerant and peaceful world. Within the hardened carapace beats the
heart of a remorseless killer. There was very little about him for any woman
to love, a hardened professional soldier limited in education and outlook.
He is a harsh man, at once pompous and officious. She throbbed at the dreadful
sight. The earthquake was a dreadful disaster. We hide behind the bush, ready
to pounce on the intruder. Then, just as they are about to pounce, sth would
catch their attention. But already that quick pounce to the throat looked
very real. Once or twice, the game got too rough. She smiled sarcarstically
at him and began preparations. Taiwan's youth can not exempt themselves
from military responsibility. Bicyclists often ride as though two-wheeled
vehicles are exempt from all traffic laws. The lid of this jam pot won't
unscrew. The frame's fixed to the wall, but I daresay I could unscrew it.
We now have the absolute proof of his guilt. The school cannot tolerate
cheating on exams. The moment the World Cup was declared open, the audience
cheered. He wrote off three cars in a year because of his dreadful driving.
Poor eyesight will exempt you from military service. Passengers checked their
baggage before boarding the plane. We will hold the spring sports meeting
as scheduled even if it rains. Would you mind closing the window? He thought
it's his duty to go through the documents carefully. You should have your
homework done before going to bed. I beg your pardon. I suppose I should
have knocked the door. After the financial crisis, the local economy is in
a mess. I was made to clean rooms for her.

The global slump has made those targets unrealistic. Unless he's planning
to surprise you, your expectations may have been unrealistic. The wretched
man have lost all his money. A good story has an element of suspense. They
were trying to starve us to death. He would starve before stealing. Big
problems are the opportunity for big thinking. The first-generation Americans
viewed the country as a land of opportunity. Everyone all across this vast
land genuinely wished to befriend us. A world that was genuinely free of
nuclear weapons would look very different. The politician found the piteous
cries of the starving children unbearable. Justice is an important element
of good government. Be realistic! You can't expect a big salary at eighteen.
The ring is genuine gold. He formed the habit of taking exercise after the
health lecture held last year. We imagined this task to be very easy. But
it turned out that we were wrong. There are two ways of rising in the world,
either by your own industry or by the folly of the others. I wish I had not
made so many mistakes in the exam, but I did. He can play the piano perfectly.
I wish that he would teach me in the future.


--------------
conversations
--------------
- Hi Tracy, you look pale.
- I am tired. I have been painting the living room all day.
- I'm sure Andrew will win the first prize in the final.
- I think so. He has been preparing for it for months.
- When are you leaving for Beijing?
- This evening.
- She didn't take the medicine last night, did she?
- No, but I wish she had.
