新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　


1:1    亚伯拉罕的后裔，大卫的子孙，耶稣基督的家谱。（后裔子孙原文都作儿子下同）
The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

1:2    亚伯拉罕生以撒。以撒生雅各。雅各生犹大和他的弟兄。
Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;

1:3    犹大从他玛氏生法勒斯和谢拉。法勒斯生希斯仑。希斯仑生亚兰。
And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

1:4    亚兰生亚米拿达。亚米拿达生拿顺。拿顺生撒门。
And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

1:5    撒门从喇合氏生波阿斯。波阿斯从路得氏生俄备得。俄备得生耶西。
And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

1:6    耶西生大卫王。大卫从乌利亚的妻子生所罗门。
And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;

1:7    所罗门生罗波安。罗波安生亚比雅。亚比雅生亚撒。
And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

1:8    亚撒生约沙法。约沙法生约兰。约兰生乌西亚。
And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

1:9    乌西亚生约坦。约坦生亚哈斯。亚哈斯生希西家。
And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;

1:10    希西家生玛拿西。玛拿西生亚们。亚们生约西亚。
And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

1:11    百姓被迁到巴比伦的时候，约西亚生耶哥尼雅和他的弟兄。
And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:

1:12    迁到巴比伦之后，耶哥尼雅生撒拉铁。撒拉铁生所罗巴伯。
And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel;

1:13    所罗巴伯生亚比玉。亚比玉生以利亚敬。以利亚敬生亚所。
And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

1:14    亚所生撒督。撒督生亚金。亚金生以律。
And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

1:15    以律生以利亚撒。以利亚撒生马但。马但生雅各。
And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

1:16    雅各生约瑟，就是马利亚的丈夫。那称为基督的耶稣，是从马利亚生的。
And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

1:17    这样，从亚伯拉罕到大卫，共有十四代。从大卫到迁至巴比伦的时候，也有十四代。从迁至巴比伦的时候到基督，又有十四代。
So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.

1:18    耶稣基督降生的事，记在下面。他母亲马利亚已经许配了约瑟，还没有迎娶，马利亚就从圣灵怀了孕。
Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost.

1:19    他丈夫约瑟是个义人，不愿意明明的羞辱他，想暗暗的把他休了。
Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily.

1:20    正思念这事的时候，有主的使者向他梦中显现，说大卫的子孙约瑟，不要怕，只管娶过你的妻子马利亚来。因他所怀的孕，是从圣灵来的。
But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.

1:21    他将要生一个儿子。你要给他起名叫耶稣。因他要将自己的百姓从罪恶里救出来。
And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins.

1:22    这一切的事成就，是要应验主藉先知所说的话，
Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying,

1:23    说，必有童女，怀孕生子，人要称他的名为以马内利。（以马内利翻出来，就是神与我们同在
Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.

1:24    约瑟醒了，起来，就遵着主使者的吩咐，把妻子娶过来。
Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:

1:25    只是没有和他同房，等他生了儿子，（有古卷作等他生了头胎的儿子）就给他起名叫耶稣。
And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name JESUS.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


2:1    当希律王的时候，耶稣生在犹太的伯利恒。有几个博士从东方来到耶路撒冷，说，
Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,

2:2    那生下来作犹太人之王的在那里。我们在东方看见他的星，特来拜他。
Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.

2:3    希律王听见了，就心里不安。耶路撒冷合城的人，也都不安。
When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.

2:4    他就召齐了祭司长和民间的文士，问他们说，基督当生在何处。
And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born.

2:5    他们回答说，在犹太的伯利恒。因为有先知记着说，
And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,

2:6    犹大地的伯利恒阿，你在犹大诸城中，并不是最小的。因为将来有一位君王，要从你那里出来，牧养我以色列民。
And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel.

2:7    当下希律暗暗的召了博士来，细问那星是什么时候出现的。
Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared.

2:8    就差他们往伯利恒去，说，你们去仔细寻访那小孩子。寻到了，就来报信，我也好去拜他。
And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.

2:9    他们听见王的话，就去了。在东方所看见的那星，忽然在他们前头行，直行到小孩子的地方，就在上头停住了。
When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was.

2:10    他们看见那星，就大大的欢喜。
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.

2:11    进了房子，看见小孩子和他母亲马利亚，就俯伏拜那小孩子，揭开宝盒，拿黄金，乳香，没药为礼物献给他。
And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh.

2:12    博士因为在梦中被主指示，不要回去见希律，就从别的路回本地去了。
And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way.

2:13    他们去后，有主的使者向约瑟梦中显现，说，起来，带着小孩子同他母亲，逃往埃及，住在那里，等我吩咐你。因为希律必寻梢小孩子要除灭他。
And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.

2:14    约瑟就起来，夜间带着小孩子和他母亲往埃及去。
When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:

2:15    住在那里，直到希律死了。这是要应验主藉着先知所说的话，说，我从埃及召出我的儿子来。
And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.

2:16    希律见自己被博士愚弄，就大大发怒，差人将伯利恒城里，并四境所有的男孩，照着他向博士仔细查问的时候，凡两岁以里的，都杀尽了。
Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.

2:17    这就应了先知耶利米的话，说，
Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,

2:18    在拉玛听见号？？大哭的声音，是拉结哭他儿女，不肯受安慰，因为他们都不在了。
In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.

2:19    希律死了以后，有主的使者，在埃及向约瑟梦中显现，说，
But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,

2:20    起来，带着小孩子和他母亲往以色列地去。因为要害小孩子性命的人已经死了。
Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life.

2:21    约瑟就起来，把小孩子和他母亲带到以色列地去。
And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel.

2:22    只因听见亚基老接着他父亲希律作了犹太王，就怕往那里去。又在梦中被主指示，便往加利利境内去了。
But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:

2:23    到了一座城，名叫拿撒勒，就住在那里。这要应验先知所说，他将为拿撒勒人的话了。
And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


3:1    那时，有施洗的约翰出来，在犹太的旷野传道，说，
In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea,

3:2    天国近了，你们应当悔改。
And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

3:3    这人就是先知以赛亚所说的，他说，在旷野有人声喊着说，豫备主的道，修直他的路。
For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

3:4    这约翰身穿骆驼毛的衣服，腰束皮带，吃的是蝗虫野蜜。
And the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his meat was locusts and wild honey.

3:5    那时，耶路撒冷和犹太全地，并约旦河一带地方的人，都出去到约翰那里。
Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,

3:6    承认他们的罪，在约旦河里受他的洗。
And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.

3:7    约翰看见许多法利赛人和撒都该人，也来受洗，就对他们说，毒蛇的种类，谁指示你们逃避将来的忿怒呢。
But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?

3:8    你们要结出果子来，与悔改的心相称。
Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:

3:9    不要自己心里说，有亚伯拉罕为我们的祖宗。我告诉你们，神能从这些石头中给亚伯拉罕兴起子孙来。
And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

3:10    现在斧子已经放在树根上，凡不结好果子的树，就砍下来，丢在火里。
And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

3:11    我是用水给你们施洗，叫你们悔改。但那在我以后来的，能力比我更大，我就是给他提鞋，也不配。他要用圣灵与火给你们施洗。
I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:

3:12    他手里拿着簸箕，要扬净他的场，把麦子收在仓里，把糠用不灭的火烧尽了。
Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.

3:13    当下，耶稣从加利利来到约旦河，见了约翰，要受他的洗。
Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.

3:14    约翰想要拦住他，说，我当受你的洗，你反倒上我这里来吗。
But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?

3:15    耶稣回答说，你暂且许我。因为我们理当这样尽诸般的义。（或作礼）于是约翰许了他。
And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him.

3:16    耶稣受了洗，随既从水里上来。天忽然为他开了，就看见神的灵，彷佛鸽子降下，落在他身上。
And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:

3:17    从天上有声音说，这是我的爱子，我所喜悦的。
And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


4:1    当时，耶稣被圣灵引到旷野，受魔鬼的试探。
Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.

4:2    他禁食四十昼夜，后来就饿了。
And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred.

4:3    那试探人的进前来对他说，你若是神的儿子，可以吩咐这些石头变成食物。
And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

4:4    耶稣却回答说，经上记着说，人活着，不是单靠食物，乃是靠神口里所出的一切话。
But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

4:5    魔鬼就带他进了圣城，叫他站在殿顶上，（顶原文作翅）
Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,

4:6    对他说，你若是神的儿子，可以跳下去。因为经上记着说，主要为你吩咐他的使者，用手托着你，免得你的脚碰在石头上。
And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

4:7    耶稣对他说，经上又记着说，不可试探主你的神。
Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

4:8    魔鬼又带他上了一座最高的山，将世上的万国，与万国的荣华，都指给他看，
Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

4:9    对他说，你若俯伏拜我，我就把这一切都赐给你。
And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

4:10    耶稣说，撒但退去吧。（撒但就是抵当的意思乃魔鬼的别名）因为经上记着说，当拜主你的神，单要事奉他。
Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

4:11    于是魔鬼离了耶稣，有天使来伺候他。
Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.

4:12    耶稣听见约翰下了监，就退到加利利去。
Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;

4:13    后又离开拿撒勒，往迦百农去，就住在那里。那地方靠海，在西布伦和拿弗他利的边界上。
And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:

4:14    这是要应验先知以赛亚的话，
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,

4:15    说，西布伦地，拿弗他利地，就是沿海的路，约旦河外，外邦人的加利利地。
The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;

4:16    那坐在黑暗里的百姓，看见了大光，坐在死荫之地的人，有光发现照着他们。
The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.

4:17    从那时候耶稣就传起道来，说，天国近了，你们应当悔改。
From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

4:18    耶稣在加利利海边行走，看见弟兄二人，就是那称呼彼得的西门，和他的兄弟安得烈，在海里撒网。他们本是打鱼的。
And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.

4:19    耶稣对他们说，来跟从我，我要叫你们得人如得鱼一样。
And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.

4:20    他们就立刻舍了网，跟从了他。
And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.

4:21    从那里往前走，又看见弟兄二人，就是西庇太的儿子雅各，和他兄弟约翰，同他们的父亲西庇太在船上补网。耶稣就招呼他们。
And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.

4:22    他们立刻舍了船，别了父亲，跟从了耶稣。
And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.

4:23    耶稣走遍加利利，在各会堂里教训人，传天国的福音，医治百姓各样的病症。
And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people.

4:24    他的名声就传遍了叙利亚。那里的人把一切害病的，就是害各样疾病，各样疼痛的，和被鬼附的，癫痫的，瘫痪的，都带了来，耶稣就治好了他们。
And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatick, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.

4:25    当下，有许多人从加利利，低加波利，耶路撒冷，犹太，约旦河外，来跟从他。
And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


5:1    耶稣看见这许多人，就上了山，既已坐下，门徒到他跟前来。
And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:

5:2    他就开口教训他们说，
And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying,

5:3    虚心的人有福了，因为天国是他们的。
Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.

5:4    哀恸的人有福了，因为他们必得安慰。
Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.

5:5    温柔的人有福了，因为他们必承受地土。
Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.

5:6    饥渴慕义的人有福了，因为他们必得饱足。
Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

5:7    怜恤人的人有福了，因为他们必蒙怜恤。
Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.

5:8    清心的人有福了，因为他们必得见神。
Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.

5:9    使人和睦的人有福了，因为他们必称为神的儿子。
Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.

5:10    为义受逼迫的人有福了，因为天国是他们的。
Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.



5:11    人若因我辱骂你们，逼迫你们，捏造各样坏话毁谤你们，你们就有福了。
Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.

5:12    应当欢喜快乐，因为你们在天上的赏赐是大的。在你们以前的先知，人也是这样逼迫他们。
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.

5:13    你们是世上的盐。盐若失了味，怎能叫他再咸呢。以后无用，不过丢在外面，被人践踏了。
Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.

5:14    你们是世上的光。城造在山上，是不能隐藏的。
Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.

5:15    人点灯，不放在斗底下，是放在灯台上，就照亮一家的人。
Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.

5:16    你们的光也当这样照在人前，叫他们看见你们的好行为，便将荣耀归给你们在天上的父。
Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.

5:17    弄想我来要废掉律法和先知。我来不是要废掉，乃是要成全。
Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.

5:18    我实在告诉你们，就是到天地都废去了，律法的一点一画也不能废去，都要成全。
For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

5:19    所以无论何人废掉这诫命中最小的一条，又教训人这样作，他在天国要称为最小的。但无论何人遵行这诫命，又教训人遵行，他在天国要称为大的。
Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.

5:20    我告诉你们，你们的义，若不胜于文士和法利赛人的义，断不能进天国。
For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.

5:21    你们听见有吩咐古人的话，说，不可杀人，又说，凡杀人的，难免受审判。
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:

5:22    只是我告诉你们，凡向弟兄动怒的，难免受审判。（有古卷在凡字下添无缘无故的五字）凡骂弟兄是拉加的，难免公会的审断。凡骂弟兄是魔利的，难免地狱的火。
But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.

5:23    所以你在祭坛上献礼物的时候，若想起弟兄向你怀怨，
Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;

5:24    就把礼物留在坛前，先去同弟兄和好，然后来献礼物。
Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift.

5:25    你同告你的对头还在路上，就赶紧与他和息。恐怕他把你送给审判官，审判官交付衙役，你就下在监里了。
Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison.

5:26    我实在告诉你，若有一文钱没有还清，你断不能从那里出来。
Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing.

5:27    你们听见有话说，不可奸淫。
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:

5:28    只是我告诉你们，凡看见妇女就动淫念的，这人心里已经与他犯奸淫了。
But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.

5:29    若是你的右眼叫你跌倒，就挖出来丢掉。宁可失去百体中的一体，不叫全身丢在地狱里。
And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.

5:30    若是右手叫你跌倒，就砍下来丢掉。宁可失去百体中的一体，不叫全身下地狱。
And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.

5:31    又有话说，人若休妻，就当给他休书。
It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:

5:32    只是我告诉你们，凡休妻的，若不是为淫乱的缘故，就是叫他作淫妇了。人若娶这被休的妇人，也是犯奸淫了。
But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.

5:33    你们又听见有吩咐古人的话，说，不可背誓，所起的誓，总要向主谨守。
Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths:

5:34    只是我告诉你们，什么誓都不可起，不可指着天起誓，因为天是神的座位。
But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God's throne:

5:35    不可指着地起誓，因为地是他的脚凳。也不可指着耶路撒冷起誓，因为耶路撒冷是大君的京城。
Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King.

5:36    又不可指着你的头起誓，因为你不能使一根头发变黑变白了。
Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black.

5:37    你们的话，是，就说是，不是，就说不是。若再多说，就是出于那恶者。（或作是从恶里出来的）
But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

5:38    你们听见有话说，以眼还眼，以牙还牙。
Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:

5:39    只是我告诉你们，不要与恶人作对。有人打你的右脸，连左脸也转过来由他打。
But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.

5:40    有人想要告你，要拿你的里衣，连外衣也由他拿去。
And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also.

5:41    有人强逼你走一里路，你就同他走二里。
And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain.

5:42    有求你的，就给他。有向你借货的，不可推辞。
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away.

5:43    你们听见有话说，当爱你的邻舍，恨你的仇敌。
Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

5:44    只是我告诉你们，要爱你们的仇敌。为那逼迫你们的祷告。
But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

5:45    这样，就可以作你们天父的儿子。因为他叫日头照好人，也照歹人，降雨给义人，也给不义的人。
That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.

5:46    你们若单爱那爱你们的人。有什么赏赐呢。就是税吏不也是这样行吗。
For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?

5:47    你们若单请你弟兄的安，比人有什么长处呢。就是外邦人不也是这样行吗。
And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?

5:48    所以你们要完全，像你们的天父完全一样。
Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


6:1    你们要小心，不可将善事行在人的面前，故意叫他们看见。若是这样，就不能得你们天父的赏赐了。
Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.

6:2    所以你施舍的时候，不可在你前面吹号，像那假冒为善的人，在会堂里和街道上所行的，故意要得人的荣耀。我实在告诉你们，他们已经得了他们的赏赐。
Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.

6:3    你施舍的时候，不要叫左手知道右手所作的。
But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:

6:4    要叫你施舍的事行在暗中，你父在暗中察看，必报答你。（有古卷作必在明处报答你）
That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.

6:5    你们祷告的时候，不可像那假冒为善的人，爱站在会堂里，和十字路口上祷告，故意叫人看见。我实在告诉你们，他们已经得了他们的赏赐。
And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.

6:6    你祷告的时候，要进你的内屋，关上门，祷告你在暗中的父，你父在暗中察看，必然报答你。
But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.

6:7    你们祷告，不可像外邦人，用许多重复话。他们以为话多了必蒙垂听。
But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.

6:8    你们不可效法他们。因为你们没有祈求以先，你们所需用的，你们的父早已知道了。
Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him.

6:9    所以你们祷告，要这样说，我们在天上的父，愿人都尊你的名为圣。
After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.

6:10    愿你的国降临，愿你的旨意行在地上，如同行在天上。
Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.

6:11    我们日用的饮食，今日赐给我们。
Give us this day our daily bread.

6:12    免我们的债，如同我们免了人的债。
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.

6:13    不叫我们遇见试探，救我们脱离凶恶，（或作脱离恶者）因为国度，权柄，荣耀，全是你的，直到永远，阿们。（有古卷无因为至阿们等字）
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.

6:14    你们饶恕人的过犯，你们的天父也必饶恕你们的过犯。
For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:

6:15    你们不饶恕人的过犯，你们的天父也必不饶恕你们的过犯。
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.

6:16    你们禁食的时候，不可像那假冒为善的人，脸上带着愁容。因为他们把脸弄得难看，故意叫人看出他们是禁食。我实在告诉你们，他们已经得了他们的赏赐。
Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.

6:17    你们禁食的时候，要梳头洗脸，
But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;

6:18    不要叫人看出你禁食来，只叫你暗中的父看见。你父在暗中察看，必然报答你。
That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.

6:19    不要为自己积攒财宝在地上，地上有虫子咬，能锈坏，也有贼挖窟窿来偷。
Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:

6:20    只要积攒财宝在天上，天上没有虫子咬，不能锈坏，也没有贼挖窟窿来偷。
But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:

6:21    因为你的财宝在那里，你的心也在那里。
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.

6:22    眼睛就是身上的灯。你的眼睛若了亮，全身就光明。
The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.

6:23    你的眼睛若昏花，全身就黑暗。你里头的光若黑暗了，那黑暗是何等大呢。
But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!

6:24    一个人不能事奉两个主。不是恶这个爱那个，就是重这个轻那个。你们不能又事奉神，又事奉玛门。（玛门是财利的意思）
No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

6:25    所以我告诉你们，不要为生命忧虑，吃什么，喝什么。为身体忧虑，穿什么。生命不胜于饮食吗，身体不胜于衣裳吗。
Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?

6:26    你们看那天上的飞鸟，也不种，也不收，也不积蓄在仓里，你们的天父尚且养活他。你们不比飞鸟贵重得多吗。
Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?

6:27    你们那一个能用思虑，使寿数多加一刻呢。（或作使身量多加一肘呢）
Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?

6:28    何必为衣裳忧虑呢。你想野地里的百合花，怎样长起来，他也不劳苦，也不纺线。
And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:

6:29    然而我告诉你们，就是所罗门极荣华的时候，那他所穿戴的，还不如这花一朵呢。
And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.

6:30    你们这小信的人哪，野地的草，今天还在，明天就丢在炉里，神还给他这样的妆饰，何况你们呢。
Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?

6:31    所以不要忧虑，说，吃什么，喝什么，穿什么。
Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?

6:32    这都是外邦人所求的。你们需用的这一切东西，你们的天父是知道的。
(For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.

6:33    你们要先求他的国，和他的义。这些东西都要加给你们了。
But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.

6:34    所以不要为明天忧虑。因为明天自有明天的忧虑。一天的难处一天当就够了。
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


7:1    你们不要论断人，免得你们被论断。
Judge not, that ye be not judged.

7:2    因为你们怎样论断人，也必怎样被论断。你们用什么量器量给人，也必用什么量器量给你们。
For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.

7:3    为什么看见你弟兄眼中有刺，却不想自己眼中有梁木呢。
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?

7:4    你自己眼中有梁木，怎能对你弟兄说，容我去掉你眼中的刺呢。
Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?

7:5    你这假冒为善的人，先去掉自己眼中的梁木，然后才能看得清楚，去掉你弟兄眼中的刺。
Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.

7:6    不要把圣物给狗，也不要把你们的珍珠丢在猪前，恐怕他践踏了珍珠，转过来咬你们。
Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.

7:7    你们祈求，就给你们。寻梢，就寻见。叩门，就给你们开门。
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:

7:8    因为凡祈求的，就得着。寻梢的，就寻见。叩门的，就给他开门。
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.

7:9    你们中间，谁有儿子求饼，反给他石头呢。
Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?

7:10    求鱼，反给他蛇呢。
Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?

7:11    你们虽然不好，尚且知道拿好东西给儿女，何况你们在天上的父，岂不更把好东西给求他的人吗。
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?

7:12    所以无论何事，你们愿意人怎样待你们，你们也要怎样待人。因为这就是律法和先知的道理。
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.

7:13    你们要进窄门。因为引到灭亡，那门是宽的，路是大的，进去的人也多。
Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:

7:14    引到永生，那门是窄的，路是小的，找着的人也少。
Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.

7:15    你们要防备假先知。他们到你们这里来，外面披着羊皮，里面却是残暴的狼。
Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.

7:16    凭着他们的果子，就可以认出他们来。荆棘上岂能摘葡萄呢。蒺藜里岂能摘无花果呢。
Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

7:17    这样，凡好树都结好果子，惟独坏树结坏果子。
Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

7:18    好树不能结坏果子，坏树不能结好果子。
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.

7:19    凡不结好果子的树，就砍下来，丢在火里。
Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

7:20    所以凭着他们的果子，就可以认出他们来。
Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

7:21    凡称呼我主阿，主阿的人，不能都进天国。惟独遵行我天父旨意的人，才能进去。
Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.

7:22    当那日必有许多人对我说，主阿，主阿，我们不是奉你的名传道，奉你的名赶鬼，奉你的名行许多异能吗。
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?

7:23    我就明明的告诉他们说，我从来不认识你们，你们这些作恶的人，离开我去吧。
And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

7:24    所以凡听见我这话就去行的，好比一个聪明人，把房子盖在磐石上。
Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:

7:25    雨淋，水冲，风吹，撞着那房子，房子总不倒塌。因为根基立在磐石上。
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock.

7:26    凡听见我这话不去行的，好比一个无知的人，把房子盖在沙土上。
And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:

7:27    雨淋，水冲，风吹，撞着那房子，房子就倒塌了。并且倒塌得很大。
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.

7:28    耶稣讲完了这些话，众人都希奇他的教训。
And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine:

7:29    因为他教训他们，正像有权柄的人，不像他们的文士。
For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


8:1    耶稣下了山，有许多人跟着他。
When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.

8:2    有一个长大麻疯的来拜他说，主若肯，必能叫我洁净了。
And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.

8:3    耶稣伸手摸他说，我肯，你洁净了吧。他的大麻疯立刻就洁净了。
And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.

8:4    耶稣对他说，你切不可告诉人。只要去把身体给祭司察看，献上摩西所吩咐的礼物，对众人作证据。
And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.

8:5    耶稣进了迦百农，有一个百夫长进前来，求他说，
And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,

8:6    主阿，我的仆人害瘫痪病，躺在家里，甚是疼苦。
And saying, Lord, my servant lieth at home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented.

8:7    耶稣说，我去医治他。
And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him.

8:8    百夫长回答说，主阿，你到我舍下，我不敢当。只要你说一句话，我的仆人就必好了。
The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

8:9    因为我在人的权下，也有兵在我以下。对这个说，去，他就去。对那个说，来，他就来。对我的仆人说，你作这事，他就去作。
For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

8:10    耶稣听见就希奇，对跟从他的人说，我实在告诉你们，这吗大的信心，就是在以色列中，我也没有遇见过。
When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

8:11    我又告诉你们，从东从西，将有许多人来，在天国里与亚伯拉罕，以撒，雅各，一同坐席。
And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven.

8:12    惟有本国的子民，竟被赶到外边黑暗里去。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

8:13    耶稣对百夫长说，你回去吧。照你的信心，给你成全了。那时，他的仆人就好了。
And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.

8:14    耶稣到了彼得家里，见彼得的岳母害热病躺着。
And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever.

8:15    耶稣把他的手一摸，热就退了。他就起来服事耶稣。
And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them.

8:16    到了晚上，有人带着许多被鬼附的，来到耶稣跟前，他只用一句话，就把鬼都赶出去。并且治好了一切有病的人。
When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:

8:17    这是要应验先知以赛亚的话，说，他代替我们的软弱，担当我们的疾病。
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.

8:18    耶稣见许多人围着他，就吩咐渡到那边去。
Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side.

8:19    有一个文士来，对他说，夫子，你无论往那里去，我要跟从你。
And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.

8:20    耶稣说，狐狸有洞，天空的飞鸟有窝，人子却没有枕头的地方。
And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

8:21    又有一个门徒对耶稣说，主阿，容我先回去埋葬我的父亲。
And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.

8:22    耶稣说，任凭死人埋葬他们的死人，你跟从我吧。
But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.

8:23    耶稣上了船，门徒跟着他。
And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him.

8:24    海里忽然起了暴风，甚至船被波浪掩盖。耶稣却睡着了。
And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.

8:25    门徒来叫醒了他，说，主阿，救我们，我们丧命喇。
And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.

8:26    耶稣说，你们这小信的人哪，为什么胆怯呢。于是起来，斥责风和海，风和海就大大的平静了。
And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.

8:27    众人希奇说，这是怎样的人，连风和海也听从他了。
But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!

8:28    耶稣既渡到那边去，来到加大拉人的地方，就有两个被鬼附的人，从坟茔里出来迎着他，极其凶猛，甚至没有人能从那条路上经过。
And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way.

8:29    他们喊着说，神的儿子，我们与你有什么相干。时候还没有到，你就上这里来叫我们受苦吗。
And, behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou come hither to torment us before the time?

8:30    离他们很远，有一大群猪吃食。
And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding.

8:31    鬼就央求耶稣说，若把我们赶出去，就打发我们进入猪群去吧。
So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine.

8:32    耶稣说，去吧。鬼就出来，进入猪群。全群忽然闯下山崖，投在海里淹死了。
And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters.

8:33    放猪的就逃跑进城，将这一切事，和被鬼附的人所遭遇的，都告诉人。
And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils.



8:34    合城的人，都出来迎见耶稣。既见了，就央求他礼开他们的境界。
And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


9:1    耶稣上了船，渡过海，来到自己的城里。
And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city.

9:2    有人用褥子抬着一个瘫子，到耶稣跟前来。耶稣见他们的信心，就对瘫子说，小子，放心吧。你的罪赦了。
And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.

9:3    有几个文士心里说，这个人说僭妄的话了。
And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemeth.

9:4    耶稣知道他们的心意，就说，你为什么心里怀着恶念呢。
And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?

9:5    或说，你的罪赦了。或说，你起来行走。那一样容易呢。
For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?

9:6    但要叫你们知道人子在地上有赦罪的权柄，就对瘫子说，起来，拿你的褥子回家去吧。
But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.

9:7    那人就起来，回家去了。
And he arose, and departed to his house.

9:8    众人看见都惊奇，就归荣耀与神。因为他将这样的权柄赐给人。
But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.

9:9    耶稣从那里往前走，看见一个人名叫马太，坐在税关上，就对他说，你跟从我来。他就起来跟从了耶稣。
And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him.

9:10    耶稣在屋里坐席的时候，有好些税吏和罪人来，与耶稣和他的门徒一同坐席。
And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.

9:11    法利赛人看见，就对耶稣的门徒说，你们的先生为什么和税吏并罪人一同吃饭呢。
And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?

9:12    耶稣听见，就说，康健的人用不着医生，有病的人才用得着。
But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.

9:13    经上说，我喜爱怜恤，不喜爱祭祀。这句话的意思，你们且去揣摩。我来，本不是召义人，乃是召罪人。
But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

9:14    那时，约翰的门徒来见耶稣说，我们和法利赛人常常禁食，你的门徒倒不禁食，这是为什么呢。
Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?

9:15    耶稣对他们说，新郎和陪伴之人同在的时候，陪伴之人岂能哀恸呢。但日子将到，新郎要离开他们，那时候他们就要禁食。
And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.

9:16    没有人把新布补在旧衣服上。因为所补上的，反带坏了那衣服，破的就更大了。
No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.

9:17    也没人把新酒装在旧皮袋里。若是这样，皮袋就裂开，酒漏出来，连皮袋也坏了。惟独把新酒装在新皮袋里，两样就都保全了。
Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.

9:18    耶稣说这话的时候，有一个管会堂的来拜他说，我女儿刚才死了，求你去按手在他身上，他就必活了。
While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

9:19    耶稣便起来，跟着他去，门徒也跟了去。
And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.

9:20    有一个女人，患了十二年的血漏来到耶稣背后，摸他的衣裳？？子。
And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

9:21    因为他心里说，我只摸他的衣裳，就必痊愈。
For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

9:22    耶稣转过来看见他，就说，女儿，放心，你的信救了你。从那时候，女人就痊愈了。
But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

9:23    耶稣到了管会堂的家里，看见有吹手，又有许多人乱囔。
And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,

9:24    就说，退去吧。这闺女不是死了，是睡着了。他们就嗤笑他。
He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

9:25    众人既被撵出，耶稣就进去，拉着闺女的手，闺女便起来了。
But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

9:26    于是这风声传遍了那地方。
And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.

9:27    耶稣从那里往前走，有两个瞎子跟着他，喊叫说，大卫的子孙，可怜我们吧。
And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

9:28    耶稣进了房子，瞎子就来到他跟前，耶稣说，你们信我能作这事吗。他们说，主阿，我们信。
And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.

9:29    耶稣就摸他们的眼睛，说，照着你们的信给你们成全了吧。
Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

9:30    他们的眼睛就开了。耶稣切切的嘱咐他们说，你们要小心，不可叫人知道。
And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.

9:31    他们出去，竟把他的名声传遍了那地方。
But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.

9:32    他们出去的时候，有人将鬼所附的一个哑吧，带到耶稣跟前来。
As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.

9:33    鬼被赶出去，哑吧就说出话来。众人都希奇说，在以色列中，从来没有见过这样的事。
And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.

9:34    法利赛人却说，他是靠着鬼王赶鬼。
But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils.

9:35    耶稣走遍各城各乡，在会堂里教训人，宣讲天国的福音，又医治各样的病症。
And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.

9:36    他看见许多的人，就怜悯他们。因为他们困苦流离，如同羊没有牧人一般。
But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.

9:37    于是对门徒说，要收的庄稼多，作工的人少。
Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;

9:38    所以你们当求庄稼的主，打发工人出去，收他的庄稼。
Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


10:1    耶稣叫了十二个门徒来，给他们权柄，能赶逐污鬼，并医治各样的病症。
And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.

10:2    这十二使徒的名，头一个叫西门，又称彼得，还有他兄弟安得烈。西庇太的儿子雅各，和雅各的兄弟约翰。
Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;

10:3    腓力，和巴多罗买，多马，和税吏马太，亚勒腓的儿子雅各，和达太。
Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;

10:4    奋锐党的西门，还有卖耶稣的加略人犹大。
Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him.

10:5    耶稣差这十二个人去，吩咐他们说，外邦人的路，你们不要走。撒玛利亚人的城，你们不要进。
These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:

10:6    宁可往以色列家迷失的羊那里去。
But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.

10:7    随走随传，说，天国近了。
And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.

10:8    医治病人，叫死人复活，叫长大麻疯的洁净，把鬼赶出去。你们白白的得来，也要白白的舍去。
Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.

10:9    腰袋里，不要带金银铜钱。
Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,

10:10    行路不要带口袋，不要带两件褂子，也不要带鞋和拐杖。因为工人得饮食，是应当的。
Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.

10:11    你们无论进那一城，那一村，要打听那里谁是好人，就住在他家，直住到走的时候。
And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence.

10:12    进他家里去，要请他的安。
And when ye come into an house, salute it.

10:13    那家若配得平安，你们所求的平安，就必临到那家。若不配得，你们所求的平安仍归你们。
And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.

10:14    凡不接待你们，不听你们的话的人，你们离开那家，或是那城的时候，就把脚上的尘土跺下去。
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.

10:15    我实在告诉你们，当审判的日子，所多玛和蛾摩拉所受的，比那城还容易受呢。
Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.

10:16    我差你们去，如同羊进入狼群。所以你们要灵巧像蛇，驯良像鸽子。
Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.

10:17    你们要防备人。因为他们要把你们交给公会，也要在会堂鞭打你们。
But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;

10:18    并且你们要为我的缘故，被送到诸侯君王面前，对他们和外邦人作见证。
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.

10:19    你们被交的时候，不要思虑怎样说话或说什么话。到那时候，必赐给你们当说的话。
But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.

10:20    因为不是你们自己说的，乃是你们父的灵在你们里头说的。
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.

10:21    弟兄要把弟兄，父亲要把儿子，送到死地。儿女要与父母为敌，害死他们。
And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.

10:22    并且你们要为我的名，被众人恨恶，惟有忍耐到底的，必然得救。
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.

10:23    有人在这城逼迫你们，就逃到那城去。我实在告诉你们，以色列的城邑，你们还没有走遍，人子就到了。
But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.

10:24    学生不能高过先生，仆人不能高过主人。
The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.

10:25    学生和先生一样，仆人和主人一样，也就吧了。人既骂家主是别西卜，何况他的家人呢。（别西卜是鬼王的名）
It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?

10:26    所以不要怕他们。因为掩盖的事，没有不露出来的。隐藏的事，没有不被人知道的。
Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.

10:27    我在暗中告诉你们的，你们要在明处说出来。你们耳中所听的，要在房上宣扬出来。
What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops.

10:28    那杀身体不能杀灵魂的，不要怕他们。惟有能把身体和灵魂都灭在地狱里的，正要怕他。
And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.

10:29    两个麻雀，不是卖一分银子吗。若是你们的父不许，一个也不能掉在地上。
Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.

10:30    就是你们的头发，也都被数过了。
But the very hairs of your head are all numbered.

10:31    所以不要惧怕。你们比许多麻雀还贵重。
Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows.

10:32    凡在人面前认我的，我在我天上的父面前，也必认他。
Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.

10:33    凡在人面前不认我的，我在我天上的父面前，也必不认他。
But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.

10:34    你们不要想我来，是叫地上太平。我来并不是叫地上太平，乃是叫地上动刀兵。
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.

10:35    因为我来，是叫人与父亲生疏，女儿与母亲生疏，媳妇与婆婆生疏。
For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.

10:36    人的仇敌，就是自己家里的人。
And a man's foes shall be they of his own household.

10:37    爱父母过于爱我的，不配作我的门徒，爱儿女过于爱我的，不配作我的门徒。
He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.

10:38    不背着他的十字架跟从我的，也不配作我的门徒。
And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me.

10:39    得着生命的，将要失丧生命。为我失丧生命的，将要得着生命。
He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it.

10:40    人接待你们，就是接待我。接待我，就是接待那差我来的。
He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.

10:41    人因为先知的名接待先知，必得先知所得的赏赐，人因为义人的名接待义人，必得义人所得的赏赐。
He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward.

10:42    无论何人，因为门徒的名，只把一杯凉水给这小子里的一个喝，我实在告诉你们，这人不能不得赏赐。
And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


11:1    耶稣吩咐完了十二个门徒，就离开那里，往各城去传道教训人。
And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities.

11:2    约翰在监里听见基督所作的事，就打发两个门徒去，
Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples,

11:3    问他说，那将要来的是你吗，还是我们等候别人呢。
And said unto him, Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?

11:4    耶稣回答说，你们去，把所听见所看见的事告诉约翰。
Jesus answered and said unto them, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see:

11:5    就是瞎子看见，瘸子行走，长大麻疯的洁净，聋子听见。死人复活，穷人有福音传给他们。
The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them.

11:6    凡不因我跌倒的，就有福了。
And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.

11:7    他们走的时候，耶稣就对众人讲论约翰说，你们从前出到旷野，是要看什么呢，要看风吹动的芦苇吗。
And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?

11:8    你们出去，到底是要看什么，要看穿细软衣服的人吗，那穿细软衣服的人，是在王宫里。
But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? behold, they that wear soft clothing are in kings' houses.

11:9    你们出去，究竟是为什么，是要看先知吗。我告诉你们，是的，他比先知大多了。
But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, and more than a prophet.

11:10    经上记着说，我要差遣我的使者在你面前，豫备道路。所说的就是这个人。
For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

11:11    我实在告诉你们，凡妇人所生的，没有一个兴起来大过施洗约翰的。然而天国里最小的，比他还大。
Verily I say unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.

11:12    从施洗约翰的时候到如今，天国是努力进入的，努力的人就得着了。
And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.

11:13    因为众先知和律法说预言，到约翰为止。
For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.

11:14    你们若肯领受，这人就是应当来的以利亚。
And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.

11:15    有耳可听的，就应当听。
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.

11:16    我可用什么比这世代呢。好像孩童坐在街市上，招呼同伴，说，
But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows,

11:17    我们向你们吹笛，你们不跳舞。我们向你们举哀，你们不捶胸。
And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented.

11:18    约翰来了，也不吃，也不喝，人就说他是被鬼附着的。
For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil.

11:19    人子来了，也吃，也喝，人又说他是贪食好酒的人，是税吏罪人的朋友。但智慧之子，总以智慧为是。（有古卷作但智慧在行为上就显为是）
The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold a man gluttonous, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children.

11:20    耶稣在诸城中行了许多异能，那些城的人终不悔改，就在那时候责备他们说，
Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not:

11:21    哥拉汛哪，你有祸了，伯赛大阿，你有祸了，因为在你们中间所行的异能，若行在推罗西顿，他们早已披麻蒙灰悔改了。
Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.

11:22    但我告诉你们，当审判的日子，推罗西顿所受的，比你们还容易呢。
But I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you.

11:23    迦百农阿，你已经升到天上。（或作你将要升到天上吗）将来必坠落阴间。因为在你那里所行的异能，若行在所多玛，他还可以存到今日。
And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.

11:24    但我告诉你们，当审判的日子，所多玛所受的，比你还容易呢。
But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee.

11:25    那时，耶稣说，父阿，天地的主，我感谢你，因为你将这些事，向聪明通达人，就藏起来，向婴孩，就显出来。
At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

11:26    父阿，是的，因为你的美意本是如此。
Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight.



11:27    一切所有的，都是我父交付我的。除了父，没有人知道子。除了子和子所愿意指示的，没有人知道父。
All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him.

11:28    凡劳苦担重担的人，可以到我这里来，我就使你们得安息。
Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

11:29    我心里柔和谦卑，你们当负我的轭，学我的样式，这样，你们心里就必得享安息。
Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

11:30    因为我的轭是容易的，我的担子是轻省的。
For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


12:1    那时，耶稣在安息日，从麦地经过。他的门徒饿了，就掐起麦穗来吃。
At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn, and to eat.

12:2    法利赛人看见，就对耶稣说，看哪，你的门徒作安息日不可作的事了。
But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day.

12:3    耶稣对他们说，经上记着大卫和跟从他的人肌饿之时所作的事，你们没有念过吗。
But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him;

12:4    他怎吗进了神的殿，吃了陈设饼，这饼不是他和跟从他的人可以吃的，惟独祭司才可以吃。
How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?

12:5    再者，律法上所记的，当安息日，祭司在殿里犯了安息日，还是没有罪，你们没有念过吗。
Or have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?

12:6    但我告诉你们，在这里有一人比殿更大。
But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.

12:7    我喜爱怜恤，不喜爱祭祀。你们若明白这话的意思，就不将无罪的，当作有罪的了。
But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.

12:8    因为人子是安息日的主。
For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day.

12:9    耶稣离开那地方，进了一个会堂。
And when he was departed thence, he went into their synagogue:

12:10    那里有一个人，枯乾了一只手。有人问耶稣说，安息日治病，可以不可以。意思是要控告他。
And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him.

12:11    耶稣说，你们中间谁有一只羊，当安息日掉在坑里，不把他抓住拉上来呢。
And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?

12:12    人比羊何等贵重呢。所以在安息日作善事是可以的。
How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.

12:13    于是对那人说，伸出手来。他把手一伸，手就复了原，和那只手一样。
Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other.

12:14    法利赛人出去，商议怎样可以除灭耶稣。
Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.

12:15    耶稣知道了，就离开那里，有许多人跟着他，他把其中有病的人都治好了。
But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;

12:16    又嘱咐他们，不要给他传名。
And charged them that they should not make him known:

12:17    这是要应验先知以赛亚的话，说，
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,

12:18    看哪，我的仆人，我所拣选，所亲爱，心里所喜悦的，我要将我的灵赐给他，他必将公理传给外邦。
Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles.

12:19    他不争竞，不喧囔。街上也没有人听见他的声音。
He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets.

12:20    压伤的芦苇，他不折断。经残的灯火，他不吹灭。等他施行公理，叫公理得胜。
A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.

12:21    外邦人都要仰望他的名。
And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.

12:22    当下有人将一个被鬼附着，又瞎又哑的人，带到耶稣那里。耶稣就医治他，甚至那哑吧又能说话，又能看见。
Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw.

12:23    众人都惊奇，说，这不是大卫的子孙吗。
And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?

12:24    但法利赛人听见，就说，这个人赶鬼，无非是靠着鬼王别西卜阿。
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

12:25    耶稣知道他们的意念，就对他们说，凡一国自相分争，就成为荒场，一城一家自相分争，必站立不住。
And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:

12:26    若撒但赶逐撒但，就是自相分争，他的国怎能站得住呢。
And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?

12:27    我若靠着别西卜赶鬼，你们的子弟赶鬼，又靠着谁呢。这样，他们就要断定你们的是非。
And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges.

12:28    我若靠着神的灵赶鬼，这就是神的国临到你们了。
But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you.

12:29    人怎能进壮士家里，抢夺他的家具呢，除非先捆住那壮士，才可以抢夺他的家财。
Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house.

12:30    不与我相合的，就是敌我的，不同我收聚的，就是分散的。
He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.

12:31    所以我告诉你们，人一切的罪，和亵渎的话，都可得赦免。惟独亵渎圣灵，总不得赦免。
Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

12:32    凡说话干犯人子的，还可得赦免。惟独说话干犯圣灵的，今世来世总不得赦免。
And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

12:33    你们或以为树好，果子也好。树坏，果子也坏。因为看果子，就可以知道树。
Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.

12:34    毒蛇的种类，你们既是恶人，怎能说出好话来呢。因为心里所充满的，口里就说出来。
O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.



12:35    善人从他心里所存的善，就发出善来。恶人从他心里所存的恶，就发出恶来。
A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.

12:36    我又告诉你们，凡人所说的闲话，当审判的日子，必要句句供出来。
But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.

12:37    因为要凭你的话定你为义，也要凭你的话，定你有罪。
For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.

12:38    当时有几个文士和法利赛人，对耶稣说，夫子，我们愿意你显个神迹给我们看。
Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

12:39    耶稣回答说，一个邪恶淫乱的世代求看神迹。除了先知约拿的神迹以外，再没有神迹给他们看。
But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

12:40    约拿三日三夜在大鱼肚腹中，人子也要这样三日三夜在地里头。
For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

12:41    当审判的时候，尼尼微人，要起来定这世代的罪，因为尼尼微人听了约拿所传的，就悔改了。看哪，在这里有一人比约拿更大。
The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

12:42    当审判的时候，南方的女王，要起来定这世代的罪，因为他从地极而来，要听所罗门的智慧话。看哪，在这里有一人比所罗门更大。
The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

12:43    污鬼离了人身，就在无水之地，过来过去，寻求安歇之处，却寻不着。
When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.

12:44    于是说，我要回到我所出来的屋里去。到了，就看见里面空闲，打扫乾净，修饰好了。
Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.

12:45    便去另带了七个比自己更恶的鬼来，都进去住在那里。那人末后的景况，比先前更不好了。这邪恶的世代，也要如此。
Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.

12:46    耶稣还对众人说话的时候，不料，他母亲和他弟兄站在外边，要与他说话。
While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.

12:47    有人告诉他说，看哪，你母亲和你弟兄站在外边，要与你说话。
Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.

12:48    他却回答那人说，谁是我的母亲。谁是我的弟兄。
But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?

12:49    就伸手指着门徒说，看哪，我的母亲，我的弟兄。
And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!

12:50    凡遵行我天父旨意的人，就是我的弟兄姐妹和母亲了。
For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


13:1    当那一天，耶稣从房子里出来，坐在海边。
The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.

13:2    有许多人到他那里聚集，他只得上船坐下。众人都站在岸上。
And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore.

13:3    他用比喻对他们讲许多道里，说，有一个撒种的出去撒种。
And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow;

13:4    撒种的时候，有落在路旁的，飞鸟来吃尽了。
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:

13:5    有落在土浅石头地上的。土既不深，发苗最快。
Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:

13:6    日头出来一晒，因为没有根，就枯乾了。
And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away.

13:7    有落在荆棘里的。荆棘长起来，把他济住了。
And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:

13:8    又有落在好土里的，就结实，有一百倍的，有六十倍的，有三十倍的。
But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.

13:9    有耳可听的，就应当听。
Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.

13:10    门徒进前来，问耶稣说，对众人讲话，为什么用比喻呢。
And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?

13:11    耶稣回答说，因为天国的奥秘，只叫你们知道，不叫他们知道。
He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given.

13:12    凡有的，还要加给他，叫他有馀。凡没有的，连他所有的，也要夺去。
For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath.

13:13    所以我用比喻对他们讲，是因他们看也看不见，听也听不见，也不明白。
Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.

13:14    在他们身上，正应了以赛亚的预言说，你们听是要听见，却不明白。看是要看见，却不晓得。
And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:

13:15    因为这百姓油蒙了心，耳朵发沉，眼睛闭着。恐怕眼睛看见，耳朵听见，心里明白，回转过来，我就医治他们。
For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.

13:16    但你们的眼睛是有福的，因为看见了。你们的耳朵也是有福的，因为听见了。
But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.

13:17    我实在告诉你们，从前有许多先知和义人，要看你们所看的，却没有看见。要听你们所听见的，却没有听见。
For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.

13:18    所以你们当听这撒种的比喻。
Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower.

13:19    凡听见天国道里不明白的，那恶者就来，把所撒在他心里的夺去了。这就是撒在路旁的了。
When any one heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side.

13:20    撒在石头地上的，就是人听了道，当下欢喜领受。
But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;

13:21    只因心里没有根，不过是暂时的。及至为道遭了患难，或是受了逼迫，立刻就倒了。
Yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended.

13:22    撒在荆棘里的，就是人听了道，后来有世上的思虑，钱财的迷惑，把道挤住了，不能结实。
He also that received seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word; and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful.

13:23    撒在好土地上的，就是人听了道明白了，后来结实，有一百倍的，有六十倍的，有三十倍的。
But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.

13:24    耶稣又设个比喻对他们说，天国好像人撒好种在田里。
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:

13:25    及至人睡觉的时候，有仇敌来，将稗子撒在麦子里，就走了。
But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.

13:26    到长苗吐穗的时候，稗子也显出来。
But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.

13:27    田主的仆人来告诉他说，主阿，你不是撒好种在田里吗。从那里来的稗子呢。
So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?

13:28    主人说，这是仇敌作的。仆人说，你要我们去薅出来吗。
He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?

13:29    主人说，不必，恐怕薅稗子，连麦子也拔出来。
But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.

13:30    这两样一齐长，等着收割。当收割的时候，我要对收割的人说，先将稗子薅出来，捆成捆，留着烧。惟有麦子，要收在仓里。
Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.

13:31    他又设个比喻对他们说，天国好像一粒芥菜种，有人拿去种在田里。
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:

13:32    这原是百种里最小的。等到长起来，却比各样的菜都大，且成了树。天上的飞鸟来宿在他的枝上。
Which indeed is the least of all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof.

13:33    他又对他们讲个比喻说，天国好像面酵，有妇人拿来，藏在三斗面里，直等全团都发起来。
Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.

13:34    这都是耶稣用比喻对众人说的话。若不用比喻，就不对他们说什么。
All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:

13:35    这是要应验先知的话说，我要开口用比喻，把创世以来所隐藏的事发明出来。
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world.

13:36    当下耶稣离开众人，进了房子。他的门徒进前来说，请把田间稗子的比喻，讲给我们听。
Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field.

13:37    他回答说，那撒好种的，就是人子。
He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man;

13:38    田地，就是世界。好种，就是天国之子。稗子，就是那恶者之子。
The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;

13:39    撒稗子的仇敌，就是魔鬼。收割的时候，就是世界的末了。收割的人，就是天使。
The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels.

13:40    将稗子薅出来，用火焚烧。世界的末了，也要如此。
As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world.

13:41    人子要差遣使者，把一切叫人跌倒的，和作恶的，从他国里挑出来，
The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;

13:42    丢在火炉里。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.

13:43    那时义人在他们父的国里，要发出光来，像太阳一样。有耳可听的，就应当听。
Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.

13:44    天国好像宝贝藏在地里。人遇见了，就把他藏起来。欢欢喜喜的去变卖一切所有的买这块地。
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.

13:45    天国又好像买卖人，寻梢好珠子。
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:

13:46    遇见一颗重价的珠子，就去变卖他一切所有的，买了这颗珠子。
Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.

13:47    天国又好像网撒在海里，聚拢各样水族。
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:

13:48    网既满了，人就拉上岸来。坐下，拣好的收在器具里，将不好的丢弃了。
Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away.

13:49    世界的末了，也要这样。天使要出来，从义人中，把恶人分别出来，
So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just,

13:50    丢在火炉里。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.

13:51    耶稣说，这一切的话，你们都明白了吗。他们说，我们明白了，
Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord.

13:52    他说，凡文士受教作天国的门徒，就像一个家主，从他库里拿出新旧的东西来。
Then said he unto them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old.

13:53    耶稣说完了这些比喻，就离开那里，
And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence.

13:54    来到自己的家乡，在会堂里教训人，甚至他们都希奇说，这人从那里有这等智慧，和异能呢。
And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?

13:55    这不是木匠的儿子吗。他母亲不是叫马利亚吗。他弟兄们不是叫雅各，约西，（有古卷作约瑟），西门，犹大吗。
Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?

13:56    他妹妹们不是都在我们这里吗。这人从那里有这一切的事呢。
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?

13:57    他们就厌弃他。（厌弃他原文作因他跌倒）耶稣对他们说，大凡先知，除了本地本家之外，没有不被人尊敬的。
And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.

13:58    耶稣因为他们不信，就在那里不多行异能了。
And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


14:1    那时分封的王希律，听见耶稣的名声，
At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus,

14:2    就对臣仆说，这是施洗约翰从死里复活，所以这些异能从他里面发出来。
And said unto his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.

14:3    起先希律为他兄弟腓力的妻子希罗底的缘故，把约翰拿住锁在监里。
For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife.

14:4    因为约翰曾对他说，你娶这妇人是不合理的。
For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her.

14:5    希律就想要杀他，只是怕百姓。因为他们以约翰为先知。
And when he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.

14:6    到了希律的生日，希罗底的女儿，在众人面前跳舞，使希律欢喜。
But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod.

14:7    希律就起誓，应许随他所求的给他。
Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask.

14:8    女儿被母亲所使，就说，请把施洗约翰的头，放在盘子里拿来给我。
And she, being before instructed of her mother, said, Give me here John Baptist's head in a charger.

14:9    王便忧愁，但因他所起的誓，又因同席的人，就吩咐给他。
And the king was sorry: nevertheless for the oath's sake, and them which sat with him at meat, he commanded it to be given her.

14:10    于是打发人去，在监里斩了约翰。
And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison.

14:11    把头放在盘子里，拿来给了女子。女子拿去给他母亲。
And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her mother.

14:12    约翰的门徒来，把尸首领去，埋葬了。就去告诉耶稣。
And his disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesus.

14:13    耶稣听见了，就上船从那里独自退到野地里去。众人听见，就从各城里步行跟随他。
When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.

14:14    耶稣出来，见有许多的人，就怜悯他们，治好了他们的病人。
And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick.



14:15    天将晚的时候，门徒进前来说，这是野地，时候已经过了。请叫众人散开，他们好往村子里去，自己买吃的。
And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.

14:16    耶稣说，不用他们去，你们给他们吃吧。
But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat.

14:17    门徒说，我们这里只有五个饼，两条鱼。
And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.

14:18    耶稣说，拿过来给我。
He said, Bring them hither to me.

14:19    于是吩咐众人坐在草地上。就拿着这五个饼，两条鱼，望着天，祝福，擘开饼，递给门徒。门徒又递给众人。
And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

14:20    他们都吃，并且吃饱了。把剩下的零碎收拾起来，装满了十二个篮子。
And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full.

14:21    吃的人，除了妇女孩子，约有五千。
And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.

14:22    耶稣随既催门徒上船，先渡到那边去，等他叫众人散开。
And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away.

14:23    散了众人以后，他就独自上山祷告。到了晚上，只有他一人在那里。
And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.

14:24    那时船在海中，因风不顺，被浪摇撼。
But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary.

14:25    夜里四更天，耶稣在海面上走，往门徒那里去。
And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea.

14:26    门徒看见他在海面上走，就惊慌了，说，是个鬼怪。便害怕，喊叫起来。
And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It is a spirit; and they cried out for fear.

14:27    耶稣连忙对他们说，你们放心。是我，不要怕。
But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid.

14:28    彼得说，主，如果是你，请叫我从水面上走到你那里去。
And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.

14:29    耶稣说，你来吧。彼得就从船上下去，在水面上走，要到耶稣那里去。
And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.

14:30    只因见风甚大，就害怕。将要沉下去，便喊着说，主阿，救我。
But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.

14:31    耶稣赶紧伸手拉住他，说，你这小信的人哪，为什么疑惑呢。
And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?

14:32    他们上了船，风就住了。
And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased.

14:33    在船上的人都拜他说，你真是神的儿子了。
Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God.

14:34    他们过了海，来到革尼撒勒地方。
And when they were gone over, they came into the land of Gennesaret.

14:35    那里的人，一认出是耶稣，就打发人到周围地方去，把所有的病人，带到他那里。
And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were diseased;

14:36    只求耶稣准他们摸他的衣裳？？子，摸着的人，就都好了。
And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


15:1    那时有法利赛人和文士，从耶路撒冷来见耶稣说，
Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying,

15:2    你的门徒为什么犯古人的遗传呢。因为吃饭的时候，他们不洗手。
Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread.

15:3    耶稣回答说，你们为什么因着你们的遗传，犯神的诫命呢。
But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?

15:4    神说，当孝敬父母。又说，咒骂父母的，必治死他。
For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death.

15:5    你们倒说，无论何人对父母说，我所当奉给你的，已经作了供献。
But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me;

15:6    他就可以不孝敬父母。这就是你们藉着遗传，废了神的诫命。
And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.

15:7    假冒为善的人哪，以赛亚指着你们说的预言，是不错的。他说，
Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,

15:8    这百姓用嘴唇尊敬我，心却远离我。
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.

15:9    他们将人的吩咐，当作道理教导人，所以拜我也是枉然。
But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

15:10    耶稣就叫了众人来，对他们说，你们要听，也要明白。
And he called the multitude, and said unto them, Hear, and understand:

15:11    入口的不能污秽人，出口的乃能污秽人。
Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man.

15:12    当时，门徒进前来对他说，法利赛人听见这话，不服，你知道吗。（不服原文作跌倒）
Then came his disciples, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying?

15:13    耶稣回答说，凡栽种的物，若不是我父栽种的，必要拔出来。
But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up.

15:14    任凭他们吧。他们是瞎眼领路的。若是瞎子领瞎子，两个人都要掉在坑里。
Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

15:15    彼得对耶稣说，请将这比喻讲给我们听。
Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable.

15:16    耶稣说，你们到如今还不明白吗。
And Jesus said, Are ye also yet without understanding?

15:17    岂不知凡入口的，是运到肚子里，又落在茅厕里吗。
Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?

15:18    惟独出口的，是从心里发出来的，这才污秽人。
But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.

15:19    因为从心里发出来的，有恶念，凶杀，奸淫，苟合，偷盗，妄证，谤？？。
For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:

15:20    这都是污秽人的。至于不洗手吃饭，那却不污秽人。
These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.

15:21    耶稣离开那里，退到推罗西顿的境内去。
Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.

15:22    有一个迦南妇人，从那地方出来，喊着说，主啊，大卫的子孙，可怜我。我女儿被鬼附得甚苦。
And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.

15:23    耶稣一言不答。门徒进前来，求他说，这妇人在我们后头喊叫。请打发他走吧。
But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.

15:24    耶稣说，我奉差遣，不过是到以色列家迷失的羊那里去。
But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.

15:25    那妇人来拜他，说，主啊，帮助我。
Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.

15:26    他回答说，不好拿儿女的饼，丢给狗吃。
But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.

15:27    妇人说，主啊，不错。但是狗也吃它主人桌子上掉下来的啐渣儿。
And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table.

15:28    耶稣说，妇人，你的信心是大的。照你所要的，给你成全了吧。从那时候，他女儿就好了。
Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.

15:29    耶稣离开那地方，来到靠近加利利的海边，就上山坐下。
And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there.

15:30    有许多人到他那里，带着瘸子，瞎子，哑吧，有残疾的，和好些别的病人，都放在他脚前。他就治好了他们。
And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:

15:31    甚至众人都希奇。因为看见哑吧说话，残疾的痊愈，瘸子行走，瞎子看见，他们就归荣耀给以色列的神。
Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel.

15:32    耶稣叫门徒来说，我怜悯这众人，因为他们同我在这里已经三天，也没有吃的了。我不愿意叫他们饿着回去，恐怕在路上困乏。
Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.

15:33    门徒说，我们在野地，那里有这吗多的饼，叫这许多人吃饱呢。
And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?

15:34    耶稣说，你们有多少饼。他们说，有七个，还有几条小鱼。
And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.

15:35    他就吩咐众人坐在地上。
And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.

15:36    拿着这七个饼和几条鱼，祝谢了，擘开，递给门徒。门徒又递给众人。
And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

15:37    众人都吃并且吃饱了。收拾剩下的零碎，装满了七个筐子。
And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets full.



15:38    吃的人，除了妇女孩子，共有四千。
And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.

15:39    耶稣叫众人散去，就上船，来到马加丹的境界。
And he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


16:1    法利赛人和撒都该人，来试探耶稣，请他从天上显个神迹给他们看。
The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven.

16:2    耶稣回答说，晚上天发红，你们就说，天必要晴。
He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red.

16:3    早晨天发红，又发黑，你们就说，今日必有风雨。你们知道分辨天上的气色，倒不能分辨这时候的神迹。
And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?

16:4    一个邪恶淫乱的世代求神迹，除了约拿的神迹以外，再没有神迹给他看。耶稣就离开他们去。
A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.

16:5    门徒渡到那边去，忘了带饼。
And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread.

16:6    耶稣对他们说，你们要谨慎，防备法利赛人和撒都该人的酵。
Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.

16:7    门徒彼此议论说，这是因我们没有带饼吧。
And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread.

16:8    耶稣看出来，就说，你们这小信的人，为什么因为没有饼彼此议论呢。
Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?

16:9    你们还不明白吗，不记得那五个饼，分给五千人，又收拾了多少篮子的零碎吗。
Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?

16:10    也不记得那七个饼，分给四千人，又收拾了多少筐子的零碎吗。
Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?

16:11    我对你们说，要防备法利赛人和撒都该人的酵，这话不是指着饼说的。你们怎吗不明白呢。
How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?

16:12    门徒这才晓得他说的，不是叫他们防备饼的酵，乃是防备法利赛人和撒都该人的教训。
Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.

16:13    耶稣到了凯撒利亚腓力比的境内，就问门徒说，人说我人子是谁。（有古卷无我字）
When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?

16:14    他们说，有人说是施洗的约翰。有人说是以利亚。又有人说是耶利米，或是先知里的一位。
And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets.

16:15    耶稣说，你们说我是谁。
He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?

16:16    西门彼得回答说，你是基督，是永生神的儿子。
And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.

16:17    耶稣对他说，西门巴约拿，你是有福的。因为这不是属血肉的指示你的，乃是我在天上的父指示的。
And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

16:18    我还告诉你，你是彼得，我要把我的教会建造在这磐石上，阴间的权柄，不能胜过他。（权柄原文作门）
And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

16:19    我要把天国的钥匙给你。凡你在地上所捆绑的，在天上也要捆绑。凡你在地上所释放的，在天上也要释放。
And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

16:20    当下，耶稣嘱咐门徒，不可对人说他是基督。
Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.

16:21    从此耶稣才指示门徒，他必须上耶路撒冷去，受长老祭司长文士许多的苦，并且被杀，第三日复活。
From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.

16:22    彼得就拉着他说，主阿，万不可如此，这事必不临到你身上。
Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.

16:23    耶稣转过来，对彼得说，撒但退我后边去吧。你是绊我脚的。因为你不体贴神的意思，只体贴人的意思。
But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.

16:24    于是耶稣对门徒说，若有人要跟从我，就当舍己，背起他的十字架，来跟从我。
Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.

16:25    因为凡要救自己生命的，（生命或作灵魂下同）必丧掉生命。凡为我丧掉生命的，必得着生命。
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.

16:26    人若赚得全世界，赔上自己的生命，有什么益处呢。人还能拿什么换生命呢。
For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

16:27    人子要在他父的荣耀里，同着众使者降临。那时候，他要照各人的行为报应各人。
For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.

16:28    我实在告诉你们，站在这里的人，有人在没尝死味以前，必看见人子降临在他的国里。
Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 17 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


17:1    过了六天，耶稣带着彼得，雅各，和雅各的兄弟约翰，暗暗的上了高山。
And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,

17:2    就在他们面前变了形像。脸面明亮如日头，衣裳洁白如光。
And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light.

17:3    忽然有摩西，以利亚，向他们显现，同耶稣说话。
And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.

17:4    彼得对耶稣说，主阿，我们在这里真好。你若愿意，我就在这里搭三座棚，一座为你，一座为摩西，一座为以利亚。
Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.

17:5    说话之间，忽然有一朵光明的云彩遮盖他们。且有声音从云彩里出来说，这是我的爱子，我所喜悦的。你们要听他。
While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.

17:6    门徒听见，就俯伏在地，极其害怕。
And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid.

17:7    耶稣进前来，摸他们说，起来，不要害怕。
And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.

17:8    他们举目不见一人，只见耶稣在那里。
And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only.

17:9    下山的时候，耶稣吩咐他们说，人子还没有从死里复活，你们不要将所看见的告诉人。
And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead.

17:10    门徒问耶稣说，文士为什么说，以利亚必须先来。
And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?

17:11    耶稣回答说，以利亚固然先来，并要复兴万事。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.

17:12    只是我告诉你们，以利亚已经来了，人却不认识他，竟任意待他。人子也将要这样受他们的害。
But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.

17:13    门徒这才明白耶稣所说的，是指着施洗的约翰。
Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist.

17:14    耶稣和门徒到了众人那里，有一个人来见耶稣，跪下，说，
And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying,

17:15    主阿，怜悯我的儿子。他害癫痫的病很苦，屡次跌在火里，屡次跌在水里。
Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.

17:16    我带他到你门徒那里，他们却不能医治他。
And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.

17:17    耶稣说，嗳，这又不信又悖谬的世代阿，我在你们这里要到几时呢。我忍耐你们要到几时呢。把他带到我这里来吧。
Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.

17:18    耶稣斥责那鬼，鬼就出来。从此孩子就痊愈了。
And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.

17:19    门徒暗暗的到耶稣跟前说，我们为什么不能赶出那鬼呢。
Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?

17:20    耶稣说，是因你们的信心小。我实在告诉你们，你们若有信心像一粒芥菜种，就是对这座山说，你从这边挪到那边，他也必挪去。并且你们没有一件不能作的事了。
And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

17:21    至于这一类的鬼，若不祷告禁食，他就不出来。（或作不能赶他出来）
Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.

17:22    他们还住在加利利的时候，耶稣对门徒说，人子将要被交在人手里。
And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:

17:23    他们要杀害他，第三日他要复活。门徒就大大的忧愁。
And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry.

17:24    到了迦百农，有收丁税的人来见彼得说，你们的先生不纳丁税吗。（丁税约有半块钱）
And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?

17:25    彼得说，纳。他进了屋子，耶稣先向他说，西门，你的意思如何。世上的君王，向谁徵收关税丁税。是向自己的儿子呢，是向外人呢。
He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?

17:26    彼得说，是向外人。耶稣说，既然如此，儿子就可以免税了。
Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free.

17:27    但恐怕触犯他们，（触犯原文作绊倒）你且往海边去钓鱼，把先钓上来的鱼拿起来，开了他的口，必得一块钱，可以拿去给他们，作你我的税银。
Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 18 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


18:1    当时门徒进前来，问耶稣说，天国里谁是最大的。
At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?

18:2    耶稣便叫一个小孩子来，使他站在他们当中，
And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them,

18:3    说，我实在告诉你们，你们若不回转，变成小孩子的样式，断不得进天国。
And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.

18:4    所以凡自己谦卑像这小孩子的，他在天国里就是最大的。
Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.

18:5    凡为我的名，接待一个像这小孩子的，就是接待我。
And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me.

18:6    凡使这信我的一个小子跌倒的，倒不如把大磨石拴在这人的颈项上，沉在深海里。
But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.

18:7    这世界有祸了，因为将人绊倒。绊倒人的事是免不了的，但那绊倒人的有祸了。
Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!

18:8    倘若你一只手，或是一只脚，叫你跌倒，就砍下来丢掉。你缺一只手，或是一只脚，进入永生，强如有两手两脚，被丢在永火里。
Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.

18:9    倘若你一只眼叫你跌倒，就把他挖出来丢掉。你只有一只眼进入永生，强如有两只眼被丢在地狱的火里。
And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.

18:10    你们要小心，不可轻看这小子里的一个。我告诉你们，他们的使者在天上，常见我天父的面。（有古卷在此有
Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.

18:11    人子来为要拯救失丧的人）
For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.

18:12    一个人若有一百只羊，一只走迷了路，你们的意思如何。他岂不撇下这九十九只，往山里去找那只迷路的羊吗。
How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?

18:13    若是找着了，我实在告诉你们，他为这一只羊欢喜，比为那没有迷路的九十九只欢喜还大呢。
And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray.

18:14    你们在天上的父，也是这样不愿意这小子里失丧一个。
Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.

18:15    倘若你的弟兄得罪你，你就去趁着只有他和你在一处的时候，指出他的错来。他若听你，你便得了你的弟兄。
Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.

18:16    他若不听，你就另外带一两个人同去，要凭两三个人的口作见证，句句都可定准。
But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.

18:17    若是不听他们，就告诉教会。若是不听教会，就看他像外邦人和税吏一样。
And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican.

18:18    我实在告诉你们，凡你们在地上所捆绑的，在天上也要捆绑。凡你们在地上所释放的，在天上也要释放。
Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

18:19    我又告诉你们，若是你们中间有两个人在地上，同心合意的求什么事，我在天上的父，必为他们成全。
Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.

18:20    因为无论在那里，有两三个人奉我的名聚会，那里有我在他们中间。
For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

18:21    那时彼得进前来，对耶稣说，主阿，我弟兄得罪我，我当饶恕他几次呢。七次可以吗。
Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?

18:22    耶稣说，我对你说，不是到七次，乃是到七十个七次。
Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.

18:23    天国好像一个王，要和他仆人算账。
Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants.

18:24    才算的时候，有人带了一个欠一千万银子的来。
And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents.

18:25    因为他没有偿还之物，主人吩咐把他和他妻子儿女，并一切所有的都卖了偿还。
But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.

18:26    那仆人就俯伏拜他说，主阿，宽容我，将来我都要还清。
The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.

18:27    那仆人的主人，就动了慈心，把他释放了，并且免了他的债。
Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.

18:28    那仆人出来，遇见他的一个同伴，欠他十两银子，便揪着他，掐住他的喉咙，说，你把所欠的还我。
But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.

18:29    他的同伴就俯伏央求他，说，宽容我吧，将来我必还清。
And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.

18:30    他不肯，竟去把他下在监里，等他还了所欠的债。
And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.

18:31    众同伴看见他所作的事，就甚忧愁，去把这事都告诉了主人。
So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done.

18:32    于是主人叫了他来，对他说，你这恶奴才，你央求我，我就把你所欠的都免了。
Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:

18:33    你不应当怜恤你的同伴像我怜恤你吗。
Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?

18:34    主人就大怒，把他交给掌刑的，等他还清了所欠的债。
And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him.

18:35    你们各人若不从心里饶恕你的弟兄，我天父也要这样待你们了。
So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 19 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


19:1    耶稣说完了这些话，就离开加利利，来到犹太的境界，约旦河外。
And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;

19:2    有许多人跟着他。他就在那里把他们的病人治好了。
And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there.

19:3    有法利赛人来试探耶稣说，人无论什么缘故，都可以休妻吗。
The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?

19:4    耶稣回答说，那起初造人的，是造男造女，
And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,

19:5    并且说，因此，人要离开父母，与妻子连合，二人成为一体。这经你们没有念过吗。
And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?

19:6    既然如此，夫妻不再是两个人，乃是一体的了。所以神所配合的，人不可分开。
Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.

19:7    法利赛人说，这样，摩西为什么吩咐给妻子休书，就可以休他呢。
They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?

19:8    耶稣说，摩西因为你们的心硬，所以许你们休妻。但起初并不是这样。
He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.

19:9    我告诉你们，凡休妻另娶的，若不是为淫乱的缘故，就是犯奸淫了，有人娶那被休的妇人，也是犯奸淫了。
And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.

19:10    门徒对耶稣说，人和妻子既是这样，倒不如不娶。
His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.

19:11    耶稣说，这话不是人都能领受的。惟独赐给谁，谁才能领受。
But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.

19:12    因为有生来是阉人，也有被人阉的，并有为天国的缘故自阉的。这话谁能领受，就可以领受。
For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.

19:13    那时有人带着小孩子来见耶稣，要耶稣给他们按手祷告。门徒就责备那些人。
Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.

19:14    耶稣说，让小孩子到我这里来，不要禁止他们。因为在天国的，正是这样的人。
But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.

19:15    耶稣给他们按手，就离开那地方去了。
And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.

19:16    有一个人来见耶稣说，夫子，（有古卷作良善的夫子）我该作什么善事，才能得永生。
And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?

19:17    耶稣对他说，你为什么以善事问我呢，只有一位是善的，（有古卷作你为什么称我是良善的，除了神以外，没有一个良善的）你若要进入永生，就当遵守诫命。
And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.

19:18    他说，什么诫命。耶稣说，就是不可杀人，不可奸淫，不可偷盗，不可作假见证，
He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,

19:19    当孝敬父母。又当爱人如己。
Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

19:20    那少年人说，这一切我都遵守了。还缺少什么呢。
The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?

19:21    耶稣说，你若愿意作完全人，可以去变卖你所有的，分给穷人，就必有财宝在天上，你还要来跟从我。
Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.

19:22    那少年人听见这话，就忧忧愁愁的走了。因为他的产业很多。
But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.

19:23    耶稣对门徒说，我实在告诉你们，财主进天国是难的。
Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.

19:24    我又告诉你们，骆驼穿过针的眼，比财主进神的国还容易呢。
And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

19:25    门徒听见这话，就希奇得很，说，这样谁能得救呢。
When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?

19:26    耶稣看着他们说，在人这是不能的。在神凡事都能。
But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.

19:27    彼得就对他说，看哪，我们已经撇下所有的跟从你，将来我们要得什么呢。
Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?

19:28    耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，你们这跟从我的人，到复兴的时候，人子坐在他荣耀的宝座上，你们也要坐在十二宝座上，审判以色列十二个支派。
And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.

19:29    凡为我的名撇下房屋，或是弟兄，姐妹，父亲，母亲，（有古卷添妻子），儿女，田地的，必要得着百倍，并且承受永生。
And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.

19:30    然而有许多在前的将要在后，在后的将要在前。
But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 20 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


20:1    因为天国好像家主，清早去雇人，进他的葡萄园作工。
For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard.

20:2    和工人讲定一天一银子，就打发他们进葡萄园去。
And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.

20:3    约在巳初出去，看见市上还有闲站的人。
And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace,

20:4    就对他们说，你们也进葡萄园去，所当给的，我必给你们。他们也进去了。
And said unto them; Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way.

20:5    约在午正和申初又出去，也是这样行。
Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise.

20:6    约在酉初出去，看见还有人站在那里。就问他们说，你们为什么整天在这里闲站呢。
And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?

20:7    他们说，因为没有人雇我们。他说，你们也进葡萄园去。
They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive.

20:8    到了晚上，园主对管事的说，叫工人都来，给他们工钱，从后来的起，到先来的为止。
So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first.

20:9    约在酉初雇来的人来了，各人得了一钱银子。
And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.

20:10    及至那先雇的来了，他们以为必要多得。谁知也是各得一钱。
But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny.

20:11    他们得了，就埋怨家主说，
And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house,

20:12    我们整天劳苦受热，那后来的只做了一小时，你竟叫他们和我们一样吗。
Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day.

20:13    家主回答其中的一人说，朋友，我不亏负你。你与我讲定的，不是一钱银子吗。
But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?

20:14    拿你的走吧。我给那后来的和给你一样，这是我愿意的。
Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee.

20:15    我的东西难道不可随我的意思用吗。因为我作好人，你就红了眼吗。
Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?

20:16    这样，那在后的将要在前，在前的将要在后了。（有古卷在此有因为被召的人多，选上的人少）
So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.

20:17    耶稣上耶路撒冷去的时候，在路上把十二个门徒带到一边对他们说，
And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them,

20:18    看哪，我们上耶路撒冷去，人子要被交给祭司长和文士。他们要定他死罪。
Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,

20:19    又交给外邦人，将他戏弄，鞭打，钉在十字架上。第三日他要复活。
And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.

20:20    那时，西庇太儿子的母亲，同他两个儿子前来，拜耶稣求他一件事。
Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.

20:21    耶稣说，你要什么呢。他说，愿你叫我这两个儿子在你国里，一个坐在你右边，一个坐在你左边。
And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.

20:22    耶稣回答说，你们不知道所求的是什么。我将要喝的杯，你们能喝吗。他们说，我们能。
But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.

20:23    耶稣说，我所喝的杯，你们必要喝。只是坐在我的左右，不是我可以赐的，乃是我父为谁豫备的，就赐给谁。
And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.

20:24    那十个门徒听见，就恼怒他们弟兄二人。
And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren.

20:25    耶稣叫了他们来，说，你们知道外邦人有君王为主治理他们，有大臣操权管束他们。
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them.

20:26    只是在你们中间不可这样。你们中间谁愿为大，就必作你们的用人。
But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister;

20:27    谁愿为首，就必作你们的仆人。
And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:

20:28    正如人子来，不是要受人的服事，乃是要服事人。并且要舍命，作多人的赎价。
Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.

20:29    他们出耶利哥的时候，有极多的人跟随他，
And as they departed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him.

20:30    有两个瞎子坐在路旁，听说是耶稣经过，就喊着说，主阿，大卫的子孙，可怜我们吧。
And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

20:31    众人责备他们，不许他们作声。他们却越发喊着说，主阿，大卫的子孙，可怜我们吧。
And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

20:32    耶稣就站住，叫他们来，说，要我为你们作什么。
And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?

20:33    他们说，主阿，要我们的眼睛能看见。
They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.

20:34    耶稣就动了慈心，把他们的眼睛一摸，他们立刻看见，就跟从了耶稣。
So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 21 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


21:1    耶稣和门徒将近耶路撒冷，到了伯法其在橄榄山那里。
And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,

21:2    耶稣就打发两个门徒，对他们说，你们往对面村子里去，必看见一匹驴拴在那里，还有驴驹同在一处。你们解开牵到我这里来。
Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.

21:3    若有人对你们说什么，你们就说，主要用他。那人必立时让你们牵来。
And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send them.

21:4    这事成就，是要应验先知的话，说，
All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,

21:5    要对锡安的居民（原文作女子）说，看哪，你的王来到你这里，是温柔的，又骑着驴，就是骑着驴驹子。
Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.

21:6    门徒就照耶稣所吩咐的去行，
And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,

21:7    牵了驴和驴驹来，把自己的衣服搭在上面，耶稣就骑上。
And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon.

21:8    众人多半把衣服铺在路上。还有人砍下树枝来铺在路上。
And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.

21:9    前行后随的众人，喊着说，和散那归于大卫的子孙，（和散那原有求救的意思，在此乃称颂的话）奉主名来的，是应当称颂的。高高在上和散那。
And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.

21:10    耶稣既进了耶路撒冷，合城都惊动了，说，这是谁。
And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?

21:11    众人说，这是加利利拿撒勒的先知耶稣。
And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.

21:12    耶稣进了神的殿，赶出殿里一切作买卖的人，推倒兑换银钱之人的桌子，和卖鸽子之人的凳子。
And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,

21:13    对他们说，经上记着说，我的殿必称为祷告的殿。你们倒使他成为贼窝了。
And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.

21:14    在殿里有瞎子瘸子，到耶稣跟前。他就治好了他们。
And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them.

21:15    祭司长和文士，看见耶稣所行的奇事，又见小孩子在殿里喊着说，和散那归于大卫的子孙。就甚恼怒，
And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying, Hosanna to the son of David; they were sore displeased,

21:16    对他说，这些人所说的，你听见了吗。耶稣说，是的经上说，你从婴孩和吃奶的口中，完全了赞美的话。你们没有念过吗。
And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?

21:17    于是离开他们出城到伯大尼去，在那里住宿。
And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there.

21:18    早晨回城的时候，他饿了。
Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered.

21:19    看见路旁有一棵无花果树，就走到跟前，在树上找不着什么，不过有叶子。就对树说，从今以后，你永不结果子。那无花果树就立刻枯乾了。
And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

21:20    门徒看见了，便希奇说，无花果树怎吗立刻枯乾了呢。
And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!

21:21    耶稣回答说，我实在告诉你们，你们若有信心，不疑惑，不但能行无花果树上所行的事，就是对这座山说，你挪开此地，投在海里，也必成就。
Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

21:22    你们祷告，无论求什么，只要信，就必得着。
And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.

21:23    耶稣进了殿，正教训人的时候，祭司长和民间的长老来问他说，你仗着什么权柄作这些事。给你这权柄的是谁呢。
And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority?

21:24    耶稣回答说，我也要问你们一句话，你们若告诉我，我就告诉你们我仗着什么权柄作这些事。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.

21:25    约翰的洗礼是从那里来的。是从天上来的，是从人间来的呢。他们彼此商议说，我们若说从天上来，他必对我们说，这样，你们为什么不信他呢。
The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?

21:26    若说从人间来，我们又怕百姓。因为他们都以约翰为先知。
But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet.

21:27    于是回答耶稣说，我们不知道。耶稣说，我也不告诉你们我仗着什么权柄作这些事。
And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.

21:28    又说，一个人有两个儿子，他来对大儿子说，我儿，你今天到葡萄园里去作工。
But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.

21:29    他回答说，我不去。以后自己懊悔就去了。
He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went.

21:30    又来对小儿子也是这样说，他回答说，父阿，我去。他却不去。
And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not.

21:31    你们想这两个儿子，是那一个遵行父命呢。他们说，大儿子。耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，税吏和娼妓，倒比你们先进神的国。
Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.

21:32    因为约翰遵着义路到你们这里来，你们却不信他。税吏和娼妓倒信他。你们看见了，后来还是不懊悔去信他。
For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him.

21:33    你们再听一个比喻。有个家主，栽了一个葡萄园，周围圈上篱笆，里面挖了一个压酒池，盖了一座楼，租给园户，就往外国去了。
Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:

21:34    收果子的时候近了，就打发仆人，到园户那里去收果子。
And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen, that they might receive the fruits of it.

21:35    园户拿住仆人。打了一个，杀了一个，用石头打死一个。
And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.

21:36    主人又打发别的仆人去，比先前更多。园户还是照样待他们。
Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise.

21:37    后来打发他的儿子到他们那里去，意思说，他们必尊敬我的儿子。
But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son.

21:38    不料，园户看见他儿子，就彼此说，这是承受产业的。来吧，我们杀他，占他的产业。
But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance.

21:39    他们就拿住他，推出葡萄园外杀了。
And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him.

21:40    园主来的时候，要怎样处治这些园户呢。
When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen?

21:41    他们说，要下毒手除灭那些恶人，将葡萄园另租给那按着时候交果子的园户。
They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.

21:42    耶稣说，经上写着，匠人所弃的石头，已作了房角的头块石头。这是主所作的，在我们眼中看为希奇。这经你们没有念过吗。
Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?

21:43    所以我告诉你们，神的国，必从你们夺去。赐给那能结果子的百姓。
Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.

21:44    谁掉在这石头上，必要跌碎。这石头掉在谁的身上，就要把谁咂得稀烂。
And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.

21:45    祭司长和法利赛人，听见他的比喻，就看出他是指着他们说的。
And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.

21:46    他们想要捉拿他，只是怕众人，因为众人以他为先知。
But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 22 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


22:1    耶稣又用比喻对他们说，
And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,

22:2    天国好比一个王，为他儿子摆设娶亲的筵席。
The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son,

22:3    就打发仆人去请那些被召的人来赴席。他们却不肯来。
And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.

22:4    王又打发别的仆人说，你们告诉那被召的人，我的筵席已经豫备好了，牛和肥畜已经宰了，各样都齐备。请你们来赴席。
Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage.

22:5    那些人不理就走了。一个到自己田里去。一个作买卖去。
But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:

22:6    其馀的拿住仆人，凌辱他们，把他们杀了。
And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.

22:7    王就大怒，发兵除灭那些凶手，烧毁他们的城。
But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.

22:8    于是对仆人说，喜筵已经齐备，只是所召的人不配。
Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.

22:9    所以你们要往岔路口上去，凡遇见的，都召来赴席。
Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.

22:10    那些仆人就出去到大路上，凡遇见的，不论善恶都召聚了来。筵席上坐满了客。
So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.

22:11    王进来观看宾客，见那里有一个没有穿礼服的。
And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:

22:12    就对他说，朋友，你到这里来，怎吗不穿礼服呢。那人无言可答。
And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.

22:13    于是王对使唤的人说，捆起他的手脚来，把他丢在外边的黑暗里。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

22:14    因为被召的人多，选上的人少。
For many are called, but few are chosen.

22:15    当时，法利赛人出去商议，怎样就着耶稣的话陷害他。
Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.

22:16    就打发他们的门徒，同希律党的人，去见耶稣说，夫子，我们知道你是诚实人，并且诚诚实实传神的道，什么人你都不徇情面，因为你不看人的外貌。
And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men.

22:17    请告诉我们，你的意见如何。纳税给凯撒，可以不可以。
Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?

22:18    耶稣看出他们的恶意，就说，假冒为善的人哪，为什么试探我。
But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?

22:19    拿一个上税的钱给我看。他们就拿一个银钱来给他。
Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny.

22:20    耶稣说，这像和这号是谁的。
And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?

22:21    他们说，是凯撒的。耶稣说，这样，凯撒的物当归给凯撒，神的物当归给神。
They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.

22:22    他们听见就希奇，离开他走了。
When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way.

22:23    撒都该人常说没有复活的事。那天，他们来问耶稣说，
The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,

22:24    夫子，摩西说，人若死了，没有孩子，他兄弟当娶他的妻，为哥哥生子立后。
Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.

22:25    从前在我们这里，有弟兄七人。第一个娶了妻，死了，没有孩子，撇下妻子给兄弟。
Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:

22:26    第二第三直到第七个，都是如此。
Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.

22:27    末后，妇人也死了。
And last of all the woman died also.

22:28    这样当复活的时候，他是七个人中，那一个的妻子呢。因为他们都娶过他。
Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her.

22:29    耶稣回答说，你们错了。因为不明白圣经，也不晓得神的大能。
Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.

22:30    当复活的时候，人也不娶也不嫁，乃像天上的使者一样。
For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.

22:31    论到死人复活，神在经上向你们所说的，你们没有念过吗。
But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,

22:32    他说，我是亚伯拉罕的神，以撒的神，雅各的神。神不是死人的神，乃是活人的神。
I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.

22:33    众人听见这话，就希奇他的教训。
And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.

22:34    法利赛人听见耶稣堵住了撒都该人的口，他们就聚集。
But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.

22:35    内中有一个人是律法师，要试探耶稣，就问他说，
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,

22:36    夫子，律法上的诫命，那一条是最大的呢。
Master, which is the great commandment in the law?

22:37    耶稣对他说，你要尽心，尽性，尽意，爱主你的神。
Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

22:38    这是诫命中的第一，且是最大的。
This is the first and great commandment.

22:39    其次也相仿，就是要爱人如己。
And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

22:40    这两条诫命，是律法和先知一切道里的总纲。
On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.

22:41    法利赛人聚集的时候，耶稣问他们说，
While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,

22:42    论到基督，你们的意见如何。他是谁的子孙呢。他们回答说，是大卫的子孙。
Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David.

22:43    耶稣说，这样，大卫被圣灵感动，怎吗还称他为主。说，
He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying,

22:44    主对我主说，你坐在我的右边，等我把你仇敌，放在你的脚下。
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?

22:45    大卫既称他为主，他怎吗又是大卫的子孙呢。
If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?

22:46    他们没有一个人能回答一言。从那日以后，也没有人敢再问他什么。
And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 23 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


23:1    那时，耶稣对众人和门徒讲论，
Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,

23:2    说，文士和法利赛人，坐在摩西的位上。
Saying, The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat:

23:3    凡他们所吩咐你们的，你们都要谨守，遵行。但不要效法他们的行为。因为他们能说不能行。
All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not.

23:4    他们把难担的重担，捆起来搁在人的肩上。但自己一个指头也不肯动。
For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.

23:5    他们一切所作的事，都是要叫人看见。所以将佩戴的经文做宽了，衣裳的？？子做长了。
But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,

23:6    喜爱筵席上的首座，会堂里的高位。
And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues,

23:7    又喜爱人在街市上问他安，称呼他拉比。（拉比就是夫子）
And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.

23:8    但你们不要受拉比的称呼。因为只有一位是你们的夫子。你们都是弟兄。
But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren.

23:9    也不要称呼地上的人为父。因为只有一位是你们的父，就是在天上的父。
And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.

23:10    也不要受师尊的称呼。因为只有一位是你们的师尊，就是基督。
Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.

23:11    你们中间谁为大，谁就要作你们的用人。
But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant.

23:12    凡自高的必降为卑，自卑的必升为高。
And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.

23:13    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了。因为你们正当人前把天国的门关了。自己不进去，正要进去的人，你们也不容他们进去。（有古卷在此有
But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.



23:14    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了，因为你们侵吞寡妇的家产，假意作很长的祷告，你们要受更重的刑罚）
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation.

23:15    你们这假冒为善的文士法利赛人有祸了。因为你们走遍洋海陆地，勾引一个人入教。既入了教，却使他作地狱之子，比你们还加倍。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.

23:16    你们这瞎眼领路的有祸了。你们说，凡指着殿起誓的，这算不得什么。只是凡指着殿中金子起誓的，他就该谨守。
Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!

23:17    你们这无知瞎眼的人哪，什么是大的，是金子呢，还是叫金子成圣的殿呢。
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?

23:18    你们又说，凡指着坛起誓的，这算不得什么。只是指着坛上礼物起誓的，他就该谨守。
And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty.

23:19    你们这瞎眼的人哪，什么是大的，是礼物呢，还是叫礼物成圣的坛呢。
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?

23:20    所以人指着坛起誓，就是指着坛和坛上一切所有的起誓。
Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon.

23:21    人指着殿起誓，就是指着殿和住在殿里的起誓。
And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein.

23:22    人指着天起誓，就是指着神的宝座和那坐在上面的起誓。
And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon.

23:23    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了。因为你们将薄荷，茴香，芹菜，太23：23）献上十分之一。那律法上更重的事，就是公义，怜悯，信实，反倒不行了。这更重的是你们当行的；那也是不可不行的。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.

23:24    你们这瞎眼领路的，蠓虫你们就滤出来，骆驼你们倒吞下去。
Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.

23:25    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了。因为你们洗净杯盘的外面，里面却盛满了勒索和放荡。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess.

23:26    你这瞎眼的法利赛人，先洗净杯盘的里面，好叫外面也乾净了。
Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.

23:27    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了。因为你们好像粉饰的坟墓，外面好看，里面却装满了死人的骨头，和一切的污秽。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness.

23:28    你们也是如此，在人前，外面显出公义来，里面却装满了假善和不法的事。
Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

23:29    你们这假冒为善的文士和法利赛人有祸了。因为你们建造先知的坟，修饰义人的墓，说，
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,

23:30    若是我们在我们祖宗的时候，必不和他们同流先知的血。
And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets.

23:31    这就是你们自己证明，是杀害先知者的子孙了。
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets.

23:32    你们去充满你们祖宗的恶贯吧。
Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers.

23:33    你们这些蛇类，毒蛇之种阿，怎能逃脱地狱的刑罚呢。
Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?

23:34    所以我差谴先知和智慧人并文士，到你们这里来。有的你们要杀害，要钉十字架。有的你们要在会堂里鞭打，从这城追逼到那城。
Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:

23:35    叫世上所流义人的血，都归到你们身上。从义人亚伯拉罕的血起，直到你们在殿和坛中间所杀的巴拉加的儿子撒迦利亚的血为止。
That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar.

23:36    我实在告诉你们，这一切的罪，都要归到这世代了。
Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation.

23:37    耶路撒冷阿，耶路撒冷阿，你常杀害先知，又用石头打死那奉差遣到你这里来的人。我多次愿意聚集你的儿女，好像母鸡把小鸡聚集在翅膀底下，只是你们不愿意。
O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

23:38    看哪，你们的家成为荒场，留给你们。
Behold, your house is left unto you desolate.

23:39    我告诉你们，从今以后，你们不得再见我，直等到你们说，奉主名来的，是应当称颂的。
For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 24 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


24:1    耶稣出了圣殿，正走的时候，门徒进前来，把殿宇指给他看。
And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple.

24:2    耶稣对他们说，你们不是看见这殿宇吗。我实在告诉你们，将来在这里，没有一块石头留在石头上不被拆毁的。
And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.

24:3    耶稣在橄榄山上坐着，门徒暗暗的来说，请告诉我们，什么时候有这些事。你降临和世界的末了，有什么豫兆呢。
And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?

24:4    耶稣回答说，你们要谨慎，免得有人迷惑你们。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you.

24:5    因为将来有好些人冒我的名来，说，我是基督，并且要迷惑许多人。
For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.

24:6    你们也要听见打仗和打仗的风声，总不要惊慌。因为这些事是必须有的。只是末期还没有到。
And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.

24:7    民要攻打民，国要攻打国。多处必有饥荒，地震。
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.

24:8    这都是灾难的起头。（灾难原文作生产之难）。
All these are the beginning of sorrows.

24:9    那时，人要把你们陷在患难里，也要杀害你们。你们又要为我的名，被万民恨恶。
Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake.

24:10    那时，必有许多人跌倒，也要彼此陷害，彼此恨恶。
And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.

24:11    且有好些假先知起来，迷惑多人。
And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.

24:12    只因不法的事增多，许多人的爱心，才渐渐冷淡了。
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.

24:13    惟有忍耐到底的，必然得救。
But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.

24:14    这天国的福音，要传遍天下，对万民作见证，然后末期才来到。
And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.

24:15    你们看见先知但以理所说的，那行毁坏可憎的站在圣地。（读这经的人须要会意）。
When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)

24:16    那时，在犹太的，应当逃到山上。
Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:



24:17    在房上的，不要下来拿家里的东西。
Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:

24:18    在田里的，也不要回去取衣裳。
Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes.

24:19    当那些日子，怀孕的和奶孩子的有祸了。
And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!

24:20    你们应当祈求，叫你们逃走的时候，不遇见冬天，或是安息日。
But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:

24:21    因为那时必有灾难，从世界的起头，直到如今，没有这样的灾难，后来也必没有。
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.

24:22    若不减少那日子，凡有血气的，总没有一个得救的。只是为选民，那日子必减少了。
And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened.

24:23    那时若有人对你们说，基督在这里。或说，基督在那里，你们不要信。
Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.

24:24    因为假基督，假先知，将要起来，显大神迹，大奇事。倘若能行，连选民也就迷惑了。
For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

24:25    看哪，我豫先告诉你们了。
Behold, I have told you before.

24:26    若有人对你们说，看哪，基督在旷野里。你们不要出去。或说。基督在内屋中。你们不要信。
Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not.

24:27    闪电从东边发出，直照到西边。人子降临，也要这样。
For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

24:28    尸首在那里，鹰也必聚在那里。
For wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together.

24:29    那些日子的灾难一过去，日头就变黑了，月亮也不放光，众星要从天上坠落，天势都要震动。
Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:

24:30    那时，人子的兆头要显在天上，地上的万族都要哀哭。他们要看见人子，有能力，有大荣耀，驾着天上的云降临。
And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.

24:31    他要差遣使者，用号筒的大声，将他的选民，从四方，从天这边到天那边，都招聚了来（方原文作风）。
And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.

24:32    你们可以从无花果树学个比方。当树枝发嫩长叶的时候，你们就知道夏天近了。
Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:

24:33    这样，你们看见这一切的事，也该知道人子近了，正在门口了。
So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.

24:34    我实在告诉你们，这世代还没有过去，这些事都要成就。
Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.

24:35    天地要废去，我的话却不能废去。
Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

24:36    但那日子，那时辰，没有人知道，连天上的使者也不知道，子也不知道，惟独父知道。
But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.

24:37    挪亚的日子怎样，人子降临也要怎样。
But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

24:38    当洪水以前的日子，人照常吃喝嫁娶，直到挪亚进方舟的那日。
For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,

24:39    不知不觉洪水来了，把他们全部冲去。人子降临也要这样。
And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

24:40    那时，两个人在田里，取去一个，撇下一个。
Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.

24:41    两个女人推磨。取去一个，撇下一个。
Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left.

24:42    所以你们要儆醒，因为不知道你们的主是那一天来到。
Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.

24:43    家主若知道几更天有贼来，就必儆醒，不容人挖透房屋。这是你们所知道的。
But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up.

24:44    所以你们也要豫备。因为你们想不到的时候，人子就来了。
Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh.

24:45    谁是忠心有见识的仆人，为主人所派，管理家里的人，按时分粮给他们呢。
Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?

24:46    主人来到，看见他这样行，那仆人就有福了。
Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.

24:47    我实在告诉你们，主人要派他管里一切所有的。
Verily I say unto you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods.

24:48    倘若那恶仆心里说，我的主人必来得迟，
But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming;

24:49    就动手打他的同伴，又和酒醉的人一同吃喝。
And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;

24:50    在想不到的日子，不知道的时辰，那仆人的主人要来，
The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of,

24:51    重重的处治他，（或作把他腰斩了）定他和假冒为善的人同罪。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 25 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


25:1    那时，天国好比十个童女，拿着灯，出去迎接新郎。
Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.

25:2    其中有五个是愚拙的。五个是聪明的。
And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.

25:3    愚拙的拿着灯，却不豫备油。
They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:

25:4    聪明的拿着灯，又豫备油在器皿里。
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.

25:5    新郎迟延的时候，他们都打盹睡着了。
While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.

25:6    半夜有人喊着说，新郎来了，你们出来迎接他。
And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.

25:7    那些童女就都起来收拾灯。
Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.

25:8    愚拙的对聪明的说，请分点油给我们。因为我们的灯要灭了。
And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.

25:9    聪明的回答说，恐怕不够你我用的。不如你们自己到卖油的那里去买吧。
But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.

25:10    他们去买的时候，新郎到了。那豫备好了的，同他进去坐席。门就关了。
And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.

25:11    其馀的童女，随后也来了，说，主阿，主阿，给我们开门。
Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.

25:12    他却回答说，我实在告诉你们，我不认识你们。
But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.

25:13    所以你们要儆醒，因为那日子，那时辰，你们不知道。
Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.

25:14    天国又好比一个人要往外国去，就叫了仆人来，把他的家业交给他们。
For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.

25:15    按着各人的才干，给他们银子。一个给了五千，一个给了二千，一个给了一千。就往外国去了。
And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey.

25:16    那领五千的，随既拿去做买卖，另外赚了五千。
Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.

25:17    那领二千的，也照样另赚了二千。
And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two.

25:18    但那领一千的，去掘开地，把主人的银子埋藏了。
But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.

25:19    过了许久，那些仆人的主人来了，和他们算账。
After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.

25:20    那领五千银子的，又带着那另外的五千来，说，主阿，你交给我五千银子，请看，我又赚了五千。
And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.

25:21    主人说，好，你这又良善又忠心的仆人。你在不多的事上有忠心，我把许多事派你管理。可以进来享受你主人的快乐。
His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.

25:22    那领二千的也来说，主阿，你交给我二千银子，请看，我又赚了二千。
He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.

25:23    主人说，好，你这又良善又忠心的仆人。你在不多的事上有忠心，我把许多事派你管理。可以进来享受你主人的快乐。
His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.

25:24    那领一千的，也来说，主阿，我知道你是忍心的人，没有种的地方要收割，没有散的地方要聚敛。
Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:

25:25    我就害怕，去把你的一千银子埋藏在地里。请看，你的原银在这里。
And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.

25:26    主人回答说，你这又恶又懒的仆人，你既知道我没有种的地方要收割，没有散的地方要聚敛。
His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:

25:27    就当把我的银子放给兑换银钱的人，到我来的时候，可以连本带利收回。
Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.

25:28    夺过他这一千来，给那有一万的。
Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.

25:29    因为凡有的，还要加给他，叫他有馀。没有的，连他所有的，也要夺过来。
For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.

25:30    把这无用的仆人，丢在外面黑暗里。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

25:31    当人子在他荣耀里同着众天使降临的时候，要坐在他荣耀的宝座上。
When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:

25:32    万民都要聚集在他面前。他要把他们分别出来，好像牧羊的分别绵羊山羊一般。
And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:

25:33    把绵羊安置在右边，山羊在左边。
And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.

25:34    于是王要向那右边的说，你们这蒙我父赐福的，可来承受那创世以来为你们所预备的国。
Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:

25:35    因为我饿了，你们给我吃。渴了，你们给我喝。我作客旅，你们留我住。
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:

25:36    我赤身露体，你们给我穿。我病了，你们看顾我。我在监里，你们来看我。
Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.

25:37    义人就回答说，主阿，我们什么时候见你饿了给你吃，渴了给你喝。
Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?

25:38    什么时候见你作客旅留你住，或是赤身露体给你穿。
When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?

25:39    又什么时候见你病了，或是在监里，来看你呢。
Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?

25:40    王要回答说，我实在告诉你们，这些事你们既作在我这弟兄中一个最小的身上，就是作在我身上了。
And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.

25:41    王又要向那左边的说，你们这被咒诅的人，离开我，进入那为魔鬼和他的使者所豫备的永火里去。
Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:

25:42    因为我饿了，你们不给我吃。渴了，你们不给我喝。
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:

25:43    我作客旅，你们不留我住。我赤身露体，你们不给我穿。我病了，我在监里，你们不来看顾我。
I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.

25:44    他们也要回答说，主阿，我们什么时候见你饿了，或渴了，或作客旅，或赤身露体，或病了，或在监里，不伺候你呢。
Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?

25:45    王要回答说，我实在告诉你们，这些事你们既不作在我这弟兄中一个最小的身上，就是不作在我身上了。
Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.

25:46    这些人要往永刑里去。那些义人要往永生里去。
And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 26 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


26:1    耶稣说完了这一切的话，就对门徒说，
And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his disciples,

26:2    你们知道过两天是逾越节，人子将要被交给人，钉在十字架上。
Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.

26:3    那时，祭司长和民间的长老－聚集在大祭司称为该亚法的院里。
Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas,

26:4    大家商议，要用诡计拿住耶稣杀他。
And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him.

26:5    只是说，当节的日子不可，恐怕民间生乱。
But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar among the people.

26:6    耶稣在伯大尼长大麻疯的西门家里，
Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,

26:7    有一个女人，拿着一玉瓶极贵的香膏来，趁耶稣坐席的时候，浇在他的头上。
There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as he sat at meat.

26:8    门徒看见，就很不喜悦，说，何用这样的枉费呢。
But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste?

26:9    这香膏可以卖许多钱，周济穷人。
For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor.

26:10    耶稣看出他们的意思，就说，为什么难为这女人呢。他在我身上作的，是一件美事。
When Jesus understood it, he said unto them, Why trouble ye the woman? for she hath wrought a good work upon me.

26:11    因为常有穷人你们同在。只是你们不常有我。
For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always.

26:12    他将这香膏浇在我身上，是为我安葬作的。
For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial.

26:13    我实在告诉你们，普天之下，无论在什么地方传这福音，也要述说这女人所行的，作个记念。
Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a memorial of her.

26:14    当下，十二门徒里，有一个称为加略人犹大的，去见祭司长说，
Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests,

26:15    我把他交给你们，你们愿意给我多少钱。他们就给了他三十块钱。
And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.



26:16    从那时候，他就找机会，要把耶稣交给他们。
And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him.

26:17    除酵节的第一天，门徒来问耶稣说，你吃逾越节的筵席，要我们在那里给你豫备。
Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?

26:18    耶稣说，你们进城去，到某人那里，对他说，夫子说，我的时候快到了。我与门徒要在你家守逾越节
And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The Master saith, My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at thy house with my disciples.

26:19    门徒遵着耶稣所吩咐的就去豫备了逾越节的筵席
And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover.

26:20    到了晚上，耶稣十二个门徒坐席。
Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve.

26:21    正吃的时候，耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，你们中间有一个人要卖我了。
And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.

26:22    他们就甚忧愁，一个一个的问他说，主，是我吗。
And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I?

26:23    耶稣回答说，同我蘸手在盘子里的，就是他要卖我。
And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me.

26:24    人子必要去世，正如经上指着他所写的，但卖人子的人有祸了。那人不生在世上倒好。
The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man if he had not been born.

26:25    卖耶稣的犹大问他说，拉比，是我吗。耶稣说，你说的是。
Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said unto him, Thou hast said.

26:26    他们吃的时候，耶稣拿起饼来，祝福，就擘开，递给门徒，说，你们拿着吃，这是我的身体。
And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.

26:27    又拿起杯来，祝谢了，递给他们，说，你们都喝这个。
And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it;

26:28    因为这是我立约的血，为多人流出来，使罪得赦。
For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.

26:29    但我告诉你们，从今以候，我不再喝这葡萄汁，直到我在我父的国里，同你们喝新的那日子。
But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom.

26:30    他们唱了诗，就出来往橄榄山去。
And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.

26:31    那时，耶稣对他们说，今夜你们为我的缘故，都要跌倒。因为经上记着说，我要击打牧人，羊就分散了。
Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad.

26:32    但我复活以后，要在你们以先往加利利去。
But after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee.

26:33    彼得说，众人虽然为你的缘故跌倒，我却永不跌倒。
Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended.

26:34    耶稣说，我实在告诉你，今夜鸡叫以先，你要三次不认我。
Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

26:35    彼得说，我就是必须和你同死，也总不能不认你。众门徒都是这样说。
Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples.

26:36    耶稣同门徒来到一个地方，名叫客西马尼，就对他们说，你们坐在这里，太26：36）等我到那边去祷告。
Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.

26:37    于是带着彼得，和西庇太的两个儿子同去，就忧愁起来，极其难过。
And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy.

26:38    便对他们说，我心里甚是忧伤，几乎要死。你们在这里等候，和我一同儆醒。
Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.

26:39    他就稍往前走，俯伏在地祷告说，我父阿，倘若可行，求你叫这杯离开我。然而不要照我的意思，只要照你的意思。
And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.

26:40    来到门徒那里，见他们睡着了，就对彼得说，怎吗样，你们不能同我儆醒片时吗。
And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?

26:41    总要儆醒祷告，免得入了迷惑。你们心灵固然愿意，肉体却软弱了。
Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.

26:42    第二次又去祷告说，我父阿，这杯若不能离开我，必要我喝，就愿你的旨意成全。
He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.

26:43    又来见他们睡着了，因为他们的眼睛困倦。
And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy.

26:44    耶稣又离开他们去了。第三次祷告，说的话还是与先前一样。
And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.

26:45    于是来到门徒那里，对他们说，现在你们仍然睡觉安歇吧。（吧或作吗）时候到了，人子被卖在罪人手里了。
Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.

26:46    起来，我们走吧。看哪，卖我的人近了。
Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me.

26:47    说话之间，那十二个门徒里的犹大来了，并有许多人，带着刀棒，从祭司长和民间的长老那里，与他同来。
And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.

26:48    那卖耶稣的，给了他们一个暗号，说，我与谁亲嘴，谁就是他。你们可以拿住他。
Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.

26:49    犹大随既到耶稣跟前说，请拉比安。就与他亲嘴。
And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.

26:50    耶稣对他说，朋友，你来要作的事，就作吧。于是那些人上前，下手拿住耶稣。
And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus, and took him.

26:51    有跟随耶稣的一个人，伸手拔出刀来，将大祭司的仆人砍了一刀，削掉了他一个耳朵。
And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear.

26:52    耶稣对他说，收刀入鞘吧。凡动刀的，必死在刀下。
Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.

26:53    你想我不能求我父，现在为我差遣十二营多天使来吗。
Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?

26:54    若是这样，经上所说，事情必须如此的话，怎吗应验呢。
But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?

26:55    当时，耶稣对众人说，你们带着刀棒，出来拿我，如同拿强盗吗。我天天坐在殿里教训人，你们并没有拿我。
In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me.

26:56    但这一切的事成就了，为要应验先知书上的话。当下门徒都离开他逃走了。
But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.

26:57    拿耶稣的人，把他带到大祭司该亚法那里去。文士和长老，已经在那里聚会。
And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.

26:58    彼得远远的跟着耶稣，直到大祭司的院子，进到里面，就和差役同坐，要看这事到底怎样。
But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end.

26:59    祭司长和全公会，寻梢假见证，控告耶稣，要治死他。
Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;

26:60    虽有好些人来作假见证，总得不着实据。末后有两个人前来说，
But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses,

26:61    这个人曾说，我能拆毁神的殿，三日内又建造起来。
And said, This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days.

26:62    大祭司就站起来，对耶稣说，你什么都不回答吗。这些人作见证告你的是什么呢。
And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?

26:63    耶稣却不言语。大祭司对他说，我指着永生神，叫你起誓告诉我们，你是神的儿子基督不是。
But Jesus held his peace. And the high priest answered and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God.

26:64    耶稣对他说，你说的是。然而我告诉你们，后来你们要看见人子，坐在那权能者的右边，驾着天上的云降临。
Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.

26:65    大祭司就撕开衣服说，他说了僭妄的话，我们何必再用见证人呢。这僭妄的话，现在你们都听见了。
Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy.

26:66    你们的意见如何。他们回答说，他是该死的。
What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.

26:67    他们就吐唾沫在他脸上，用拳头打他。也有用手掌打他的，说，
Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

26:68    基督阿，你是先知，告诉我们打你的是谁。
Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

26:69    彼得在外面院子里坐着，有一个使女前来说，你素来也是同那加利利人耶稣一夥的。
Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee.

26:70    彼得在众人面前却不承认，说，我不知道你说的是什么。
But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest.

26:71    既出去，到了门口，又有一个使女看见他，就对那里的人说，这个人也是同拿撒勒人耶稣一夥的。
And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said unto them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth.

26:72    彼得又不承认，并且起誓说，我不认得那个人。
And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man.

26:73    过了不多的时候，旁边站着的人前来，对彼得说，你真是他们一党的。你的口音把你露出来了。
And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.

26:74    彼得发咒起誓的说，我不认得那个人。立时鸡就叫了。
Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew.

26:75    彼得想起耶稣所说的话，鸡叫以先，你要三次不认我。他就出去痛哭。
And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 27 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


27:1    到了早晨，众祭司长和民间的长老，大家商议，要治死耶稣。
When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:

27:2    就把他捆绑解去交给巡抚彼拉多。
And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor.

27:3    这时候，卖耶稣的犹大，看见耶稣已经定了罪，就后悔，把那三十块钱，拿回来给祭司长和长老说，
Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,

27:4    我卖了无辜之人的血，是有罪了。他们说，他们说，那与我们有什么相干。你自己承当吧。
Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that.

27:5    犹大就把那银钱丢在殿里，出去吊死了。
And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself.

27:6    祭司长拾起银钱来说，这是血价，不可放在库里。
And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood.

27:7    他们商议，就用那银钱买了窑户的一块田，为要埋葬外乡人。
And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in.

27:8    所以那块田，直到今日还叫作血田。
Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day.

27:9    这就应了先知耶利米的话，说，他们用那三十块钱，就是被估定之人的价钱，是以色列人中所估定的，
Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;

27:10    买了窑户的一块田。这是照着主所吩咐我的。
And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me.

27:11    耶稣站在巡抚面前，巡抚问他说，你是犹太人的王吗。耶稣说，你说的是。
And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest.

27:12    他被祭司长和长老控告的时候什么都不回答。
And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.

27:13    彼拉多就对他说，他们作见证，告你这吗多的事，你没有听见吗。
Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?

27:14    耶稣仍不回答，连一句话也不说，以致巡抚甚觉希奇。
And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly.

27:15    巡抚有一个常例，每逢这节期，随众人所要的，释放一个囚犯给他们。
Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would.

27:16    当时，有一个出名的囚犯叫巴拉巴。
And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.

27:17    众人聚集的时候，彼拉多就对他们说，你们要我释放那一个给你们。是巴拉巴呢。是称为基督的耶稣呢。
Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?

27:18    巡抚原知道，他们是因为嫉妒才把他解了来。
For he knew that for envy they had delivered him.

27:19    正坐堂的时候，他的夫人打发人来说，这义人的事，你一点不可管。因为我今天在梦中，为他受了许多的苦。
When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him.

27:20    祭司长和长老，挑唆众人，求释放巴拉巴，除灭耶稣。
But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas, and destroy Jesus.

27:21    巡抚对众人说，这两个人，你们要我释放那一个给你们呢。他们说，巴拉巴。
The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas.

27:22    彼拉多说，这样，那称为基督的耶稣，我怎吗办他呢。他们说，把他钉十字架。
Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified.

27:23    巡抚说，为什么呢，他作了什么恶事呢。他们便极力的喊着说，把他钉十字架。
And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified.

27:24    彼拉多见说也无济于事，反要生乱，就拿水在众人面前洗手，说，流这义人的血，罪不在我，你们承当吧。
When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it.

27:25    众人都回答说，他的血归到我们，和我们的子孙身上。
Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children.

27:26    于是彼拉多释放巴拉巴给他们，把耶稣鞭打了，交给人钉十字架。
Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified.

27:27    巡抚的兵就把耶稣带进衙门，叫全营的兵都聚集在他那里。
Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.

27:28    他们给他脱了衣服，穿上一件朱红色袍子。
And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.

27:29    用荆棘编作冠冕，戴在他头上，拿一根苇子放在他右手里。跪在他面前戏弄他说，恭喜犹太人的王阿。
And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!

27:30    又吐唾沫在他脸上，拿苇子打他的头。
And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.

27:31    戏弄完了，就给他脱了袍子，仍穿上他自己的衣服，带他出去，要钉十字架。
And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.

27:32    他们出来的时候，遇见一个古利奈人，名叫西门，就勉强他同去，好背着耶稣的十字架。
And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.

27:33    到了一个地方，名叫各各他，意思就是髑髅地。
And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,

27:34    兵丁拿苦胆调和的酒，给耶稣喝。他尝了，就不肯喝。
They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.

27:35    他们既将他钉在十字架上，就拈阄分他的衣服。
And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots.

27:36    又坐在那里看守他。
And sitting down they watched him there;

27:37    在他头以上，安一个牌子，写着他的罪状，说，这是犹太人的王耶稣。
And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.

27:38    当时，有两个强盗，和他同钉十字架，一个在右边，一个在左边。
Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.

27:39    从那里经过的人，讥诮他，摇着头说，
And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,

27:40    你这拆毁圣殿，三日又建造起来的，可以救自己吧。你如果是神的儿子，就从十字架上下来吧。
And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.

27:41    祭司长和文士并长老，也是这样戏弄他，说，
Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said,

27:42    他救了别人，不能救自己。他是以色列的王，现在可以从十字架上下来，我们就信他。
He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.

27:43    他倚靠神，神若喜悦他，现在可以救他。因为他曾说，我是神的儿子。
He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.

27:44    那和他同钉的强盗，也是这样的讥诮他。
The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.

27:45    从午正到申初，遍地都黑暗了。
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.

27:46    约在申初，耶稣大声喊着说，以利，以利，拉马撒巴各大尼。就是说，我的神，我的神，为什么离弃我。
And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

27:47    站在那里的人，有的听见就说，这个人呼叫以利亚呢。
Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias.

27:48    内中有一个人，赶紧跑去，拿海绒蘸满了醋，绑在苇子上，送给他喝。
And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.

27:49    其馀的人说，且等着，看以利亚来救他不来。
The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.

27:50    耶稣又大声喊叫，气就断了。
Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.

27:51    忽然殿里的幔子，从上到下裂为两半。地也震动。盘石也崩裂。
And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;

27:52    坟墓也开了。已睡圣徒的身体，多有起来的。
And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,

27:53    到耶稣复活以后，他们从坟墓里出来，进了圣城，向许多人显现。
And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.

27:54    百夫长和一同看守耶稣的人，看见地震，并所经历的事，就极其害怕，说，这真是神的儿子了。
Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.

27:55    有好些妇女在那里远远的观看。他们是从加利利跟随耶稣来服事他的。
And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:

27:56    内中有抹大拉的马利亚，又有雅各和约西的母亲马利亚，并有西庇太两个儿子的母亲。
Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedee's children.

27:57    到了晚上，有一个财主，名叫约瑟，是亚利马太来的。他也是耶稣的门徒。
When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:

27:58    这人去见彼拉多，求耶稣的身体。彼拉多就吩咐给他。
He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.

27:59    约瑟取了身体，用乾净细麻布裹好，
And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,

27:60    安放在自己的新坟墓里，就是他凿在盘石里的。他又把大石头辊到墓口，就去了。
And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.

27:61    有抹大拉的马利亚，和那个马利亚在那里，对着坟墓坐着。
And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre.

27:62    次日，就是豫备日的第二天，祭司长和法利赛人聚集，来见彼拉多，说，
Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate,

27:63    大人，我们记得那诱惑人的，还活着的时候，曾说，三日后我要复活。
Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.

27:64    因此，请吩咐人将坟墓把守妥当，直到第三日。恐怕他的门徒来把他偷了去，就告诉百姓说，他从死里复活了。这样，那后来的迷惑，比先前的更利害了。
Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.

27:65    彼拉多说，你们有看守的兵。去吧，尽你们所能的，把守妥当。
Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can.

27:66    他们就带着看守的兵同去，封了石头，将坟墓把守妥当。
So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.




新约 -- 马太福音(Matthew) -- 第 28 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　


28:1    安息日将尽，七日的头一日，天快亮的时候，抹大拉的马利亚，和那个马利亚，来看坟墓。
In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.

28:2    忽然地大震动。因为有主的使者，从天上下来，把石头辊开，坐在上面。
And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.

28:3    他的像貌如同闪电，衣服洁白如雪。
His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:

28:4    看守的人，就因他吓得浑身乱战，甚至和死人一样。
And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.

28:5    天使对妇女说，不要害怕，我知道你们是寻梢那钉十字架的耶稣。
And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.

28:6    他不在这里，照他所说的，已经复活了。你们来看安放主的地方。
He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.

28:7    *
And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

28:8    妇女们就急忙离开坟墓，又害怕，又大大的欢喜，跑去要报给他的门徒。
And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great joy; and did run to bring his disciples word.

28:9    忽然耶稣遇见他们，说，愿你们平安。他们就上前抱住他的脚拜他。
And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him.

28:10    耶稣对他们说，不要害怕，你们去告诉我的弟兄，叫他们往加利利去，在那里必见我。
Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

28:11    他们去的时候，看守的兵，有几个进城去，将所经历的事，都报给祭司长。
Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done.

28:12    祭司长和长老聚集商议，就拿许多银钱给兵丁说，
And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers,

28:13    你们要这样说，夜间我们睡觉的时候，他的门徒来把他偷去了。
Saying, Say ye, His disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept.

28:14    倘若这话被巡抚听见，有我们劝他，保你们无事。
And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you.

28:15    兵丁受了银钱，就照所嘱咐他们的去行。这话就传说在犹太人中间，直到今日。
So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day.

28:16    十一个门徒往加利利去，到了耶稣约定的山上。
Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them.

28:17    他们见了耶稣就拜他。然而还有人疑惑。
And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted.

28:18    耶稣进前来，对他们说，天上，地下所有的权柄，都赐给我了。
And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.

28:19    所以你们要去，使万民作我的门徒，奉父子圣灵的名，给他们施洗。（或作给他们施洗归于父子圣灵的名）
Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

28:20    凡我所吩咐你们的，都教训他们遵守，我就常与你们同在，直到世界的末了。
Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.






新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


1:1    神的儿子，耶稣基督福音的起头，
The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;

1:2    正如先知以赛亚书上记着说，（有古卷无以赛亚三字）看哪，我要差遣我的使者在你面前，豫备道路。
As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

1:3    在旷野有人声喊着说，豫备主的道，修直他的路。
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

1:4    照这话，约翰来了，在旷野施洗，传悔改的洗礼，使罪得赦。
John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.

1:5    犹太全地，和耶路撒冷的人，都出去到约翰那里，承认他们的罪，在约旦河里受他的洗。
And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins.

1:6    约翰穿骆驼毛的衣服，腰束皮带，吃的是蝗虫野蜜。
And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;

1:7    他传道说，有一位在我以后来的，能力比我更大，我就是弯腰给他解鞋带，也是不配的。
And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.

1:8    我是用水给你们施洗，他却要用圣灵给你们施洗。
I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.

1:9    那时，耶稣从加利利的拿撒勒来，在约旦河里受了约翰的洗。
And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.

1:10    他从水里一上来，就看见天裂开了，圣灵彷佛鸽子，降在他身上。
And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:

1:11    又有声音从天上来说，你是我的爱子，我喜悦你。
And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

1:12    圣灵就把耶稣催到旷野里去。
And immediately the Spirit driveth him into the wilderness.



1:13    他在旷野四十天受撒但的试探。并与野兽同在一处。且有天使来伺候他。
And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.

1:14    约翰下监以后，耶稣来到加利利，宣传神的福音，
Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,

1:15    说，日期满了，神的国近了。你们当悔改，信福音。
And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.

1:16    耶稣顺着加利利的海边走，看见西门，和西门的兄弟安得烈，在海边撒网。他们本是打鱼的。
Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.

1:17    耶稣对他们说，来跟从我，我要叫你们得人如得鱼一样。
And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.

1:18    他们就立刻舍了网，跟从了他。
And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.

1:19    耶稣稍往前走，又见西庇太的儿子雅各，和雅各的兄弟约翰，在船上补网。
And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.

1:20    耶稣随既招呼他们。他们就把父亲西庇太，和雇工人留在船上，跟从耶稣去了。
And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.

1:21    到了迦百农，耶稣就在安息日进了会堂教训人。
And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.

1:22    众人很希奇他的教训。因为他教训他们，正像有权柄的人，不像文士。
And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.

1:23    在会堂里有一个人，被污鬼附着。他喊叫说，
And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,

1:24    拿撒勒人耶稣，我们与你有什么相干，你来灭我们吗。我知道你是谁，乃是神的圣者。
Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.

1:25    耶稣责备他说，不要作声，从这人身上出来吧。
And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him.

1:26    污鬼叫那人抽了一阵疯，大声喊叫，就出来了。
And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.

1:27    众人都惊讶，以致彼此对问说，这是什么事，是个新道理阿。他用权柄吩咐污鬼，连污鬼也听从了他。
And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him.

1:28    耶稣的名声，就传遍了加利利的四方。
And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.

1:29    他们一出会堂，就同着雅各约翰，进了西门和安得烈的家。
And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John.

1:30    西门的岳母，正害热病躺着。就有人告诉耶稣。
But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.

1:31    耶稣进前拉着他的手，扶他起来，热就退了，他就服事他们。
And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them.

1:32    天晚日落的时候，有人带着一切害病的，和被鬼附的，来到耶稣跟前。
And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils.

1:33    合城的人都聚集在门前。
And all the city was gathered together at the door.

1:34    耶稣治好了许多害各样病的人，又赶出许多鬼，不许鬼说话，因为鬼认识他。
And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him.

1:35    次日早晨，天未亮的时候，耶稣起来，到旷野地方去，在那里祷告。
And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed.

1:36    西门和同伴追了他去。
And Simon and they that were with him followed after him.

1:37    遇见了就对他说，众人都找你。
And when they had found him, they said unto him, All men seek for thee.

1:38    耶稣对他们说，我们可以往别处去，到邻近的乡村，我也好在那里传道。因为我是为这事出来的。
And he said unto them, Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also: for therefore came I forth.

1:39    于是在加利利全地，进了会堂，传道赶鬼。
And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.

1:40    有一个长大麻疯的，来求耶稣，向他跪下说，你若肯，必能叫我洁净了。
And there came a leper to him, beseeching him, and kneeling down to him, and saying unto him, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.

1:41    耶稣动了慈心，就伸手摸他，说，我肯，你洁净了吧。
And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith unto him, I will; be thou clean.

1:42    大麻疯既时离开他，他就洁净了。
And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed.

1:43    耶稣严严的嘱咐他，就打发他走，
And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away;

1:44    对他说，你要谨慎，什么话都不可告诉人。只要去把身体给祭司察看，又因为你洁净了，献上摩西所吩咐的礼物，对众人作证据。
And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.

1:45    那人出去，倒说许多的话，把这件事传扬开了，叫耶稣以后不得再明明的进城，只好在外边旷野地方。人从各处都就了他来。
But he went out, and began to publish it much, and to blaze abroad the matter, insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from every quarter.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


2:1    过了些日子，耶稣又进了迦百农。人听见他在房子里，
And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.

2:2    就有许多人聚集，甚至连进门前都没有空地，耶稣就对他们讲道。
And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.

2:3    有人带着一个瘫子来见耶稣，是用四个人抬来的。
And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four.

2:4    因为人多，不得进前，就把耶稣所在的房子，拆了房顶，既拆通了，就把瘫子连所躺卧的褥子都缒下来。
And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.

2:5    耶稣见他们的信心，就对瘫子说，小子，你的罪赦了。
When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.

2:6    有几个文士坐在那里，心里议论说，
But there were certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,

2:7    这个人为什么这样说呢。他说僭妄的话了。除了神以外，谁能赦罪呢。
Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?

2:8    耶稣心中知道他们的心里这样议论，就说，你们心里为什么这样议论呢。
And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?

2:9    或对瘫子说，你的罪赦了，或说，起来拿你的褥子行走，那一样容易呢。
Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?

2:10    但要叫你们知道人子在地上有赦罪的权柄，就对瘫子说，
But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,)

2:11    我吩咐你起来，拿你的褥子回家去吧。
I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.

2:12    那人就起来，立刻拿着褥子，当众人面前出去了。以致众人都惊奇，归荣耀与神说，我们从来没有见过这样的事。
And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.

2:13    耶稣又出到海边去，众人都就了他来，他便教训他们。
And he went forth again by the sea side; and all the multitude resorted unto him, and he taught them.

2:14    耶稣经过的时候，看见亚勒腓的儿子利未，坐在税关上，就对他说，你跟从我来。他就起来跟从了耶稣。
And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him.

2:15    耶稣在利未家里坐席的时候，有好些税吏和罪人，与耶稣并门徒一同坐席。因为这样的人多，他们也跟随耶稣。
And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and they followed him.

2:16    法利赛人中的文士，（有古卷作文士和法利赛人）看见耶稣和罪人并税吏一同吃饭，就对他的门徒说，他和税吏并罪人一同吃喝吗。
And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, How is it that he eateth and drinketh with publicans and sinners?

2:17    耶稣听见，就对他们说，健康的人用不着医生，有病的人才用得着。我来本不是召义人，乃是召罪人。
When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

2:18    当下，约翰的门徒和法利赛人禁食。他们来问耶稣说，约翰的门徒和法利赛人的门徒禁食，你的门徒倒不禁食，这是为什么呢。
And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?

2:19    耶稣对他们说，新郎和陪伴之人同在的时候，倍伴之人岂能禁食呢。新郎还同在，他们不能禁食。
And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.

2:20    但日子将到，新郎要离开他们，那日他们就要禁食。
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.

2:21    没有人把新布缝在旧衣服上。恐怕所补上的新布，带坏了旧衣服，破的就更大了。
No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse.

2:22    也每有人把新酒装在旧皮带里。恐怕把皮袋裂开，酒和皮袋就都坏了。惟把新酒装在新皮袋里。
And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.

2:23    耶稣当安息日，从麦地经过。他的门徒行路的时候，掐了麦穗。
And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.

2:24    法利赛人对耶稣说，看哪，他们在安息日为什么作不可作的事呢。
And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful?

2:25    耶稣对他们说，经上记着大卫和跟从他的人，缺乏肌饿之时所作的事，你们没有念过吗。
And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungred, he, and they that were with him?

2:26    他当亚比亚他作大祭司的时候，怎样进了神的殿，吃了陈设饼，又给跟从他的人吃。这饼除了祭司以外，人都不可吃。
How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?

2:27    又对他们说，安息日是为人设立的，人不是为安息日设立的。
And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:

2:28    所以人子也是安息日的主
Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


3:1    耶稣又进了会堂。在那里有一个人枯乾了一只手。
And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.

3:2    众人窥探耶稣，在安息日医治不医治，意思是要控告耶稣。
And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him.

3:3    耶稣对那枯乾一只手的人说，起来，站在当中。
And he saith unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth.

3:4    又问众人说，在安息日行善行恶，救命害命，那样是可以的呢。他们都不作声。
And he saith unto them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace.

3:5    耶稣怒目周围看他们，忧愁他们的心刚硬，就对那人说，伸出手来。他把手一伸，手就复了原。
And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other.

3:6    法利赛人出去，同希律一党的人商议，怎样可以除灭耶稣。
And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him.

3:7    耶稣和门徒退到海边去。有许多人从加利利跟随他。
But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea: and a great multitude from Galilee followed him, and from Judaea,

3:8    还有许多人听见他所作的大事，就从犹太，耶路撒冷，以土买，约旦河外，并推罗西顿的四方，来到他那里。
And from Jerusalem, and from Idumaea, and from beyond Jordan; and they about Tyre and Sidon, a great multitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him.

3:9    他因为人多，就吩咐门徒叫一只小船伺候着，免得众人拥挤他。
And he spake to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng him.

3:10    他治好了许多人，所以凡有灾病的，都挤进来要摸他。
For he had healed many; insomuch that they pressed upon him for to touch him, as many as had plagues.

3:11    污鬼无论何时看见他就俯伏在他面前喊着说，你是神的儿子。
And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, Thou art the Son of God.

3:12    耶稣再三的嘱咐他们，不要把他显露出来。
And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known.

3:13    耶稣上了山，随自己的意思叫人来，他们便来到他那里。
And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him.

3:14    他设立十二个人，要他们常和自己同在，也要差他们去传道，
And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,

3:15    并给他们权柄赶鬼。
And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:

3:16    这十二个人有西门，耶稣又给他起名叫彼得。
And Simon he surnamed Peter;

3:17    还有西庇太的儿子雅各，和雅各的兄弟约翰。又给这两个人起名叫半尼其，就是雷子的意思。
And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:

3:18    又有安得烈，腓力，巴多罗买，马太，多马，亚勒腓的儿子雅各，和达太，并奋锐党的西门。
And Andrew, and Philip, and Bartholomew, and Matthew, and Thomas, and James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,

3:19    还有卖耶稣的加略人犹大。
And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into an house.

3:20    耶稣进了一个屋子，众人又聚集，甚至他连吃饭也顾不得吃。
And the multitude cometh together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread.

3:21    耶稣的亲属听见，就出来要拉住他，因为他们说他癫狂了。
And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself.

3:22    从耶路撒冷下来的文士说，他是被别西卜附着。又说，他是靠着鬼王赶鬼。
And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

3:23    耶稣叫他们来，用比喻对他们说，撒但怎能赶出撒但呢。
And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?

3:24    若一国自相分争，那国就站立不住。
And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.

3:25    若一家自相分争，那家就站立不住。
And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.



3:26    若撒但自相攻打分争，他就站立不住，必要灭亡。
And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end.

3:27    没有人能进壮士家里抢夺他的家具。必先捆住那壮士，才可以抢夺他的家。
No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house.

3:28    我实在告诉你们，世人一切的罪，和一切亵渎的话，都可得赦免。
Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

3:29    凡亵渎圣灵的，却永不得赦免，乃要担当永远的罪。
But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

3:30    这话是因为他们说，他是被污鬼附着的。
Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.

3:31    当下耶稣的母亲，和弟兄，来站在外边，打发人去叫他。
There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.

3:32    有许多人在耶稣周围坐着。他们就告诉他说，看哪，你母亲，和你弟兄，在外边找你。
And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.

3:33    耶稣回答说，谁是我的母亲，谁是我的弟兄。
And he answered them, saying, Who is my mother, or my brethren?

3:34    就四面观看那周围坐着的人，说，看哪，我的母亲，我的弟兄。
And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!

3:35    凡遵行神旨意的人，就是我的弟兄姐妹和母亲了。
For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


4:1    耶稣又在海边教训人。有许多人到他那里聚集，他只得上船坐下。船在海里，众人都靠近海站在岸上。
And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.

4:2    耶稣就用比喻教训他们许多道理。在教训之间，对他们说，
And he taught them many things by parables, and said unto them in his doctrine,

4:3    你们听阿。有一个撒种的。出去撒种。
Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:

4:4    撒的时候，有落在路旁的，飞鸟来吃尽了。
And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up.

4:5    有落在土浅石头地上的，土既不深，发苗最快。
And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:

4:6    日头出来一晒，因为没有根，就枯乾了。
But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.

4:7    有落在荆棘里的，荆棘长起来，把他挤住了，就不结实。
And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.

4:8    又有落在好土里的，就发生长大，结实有三十倍的，有六十倍的，有一百倍的。
And other fell on good ground, and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased; and brought forth, some thirty, and some sixty, and some an hundred.

4:9    又说，有耳可听的，就应当听。
And he said unto them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.

4:10    无人的时候，跟随耶稣的人，和十二个门徒，问他这比喻的意思。
And when he was alone, they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parable.

4:11    耶稣对他们说，神国的奥秘，只叫你们知道，若是对外人讲，凡事就用比喻。
And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:

4:12    叫他们看是看见，却不晓得。听是听见，却不明白。恐怕他们回转过来，就得赦免。
That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.

4:13    又对他们说，你们不明白这比喻吗。这样怎能明白一切的比喻呢。
And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?

4:14    撒种之人所撒的，就是道。
The sower soweth the word.

4:15    那撒在路旁的，就是人听了道，撒但立刻来，把撒在他心里的道夺了去。
And these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts.

4:16    那撒在石头地上的，就是人听了道，立刻欢喜领受。
And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;

4:17    但他心里没有根，不过是暂时的，及至为道遭了患难，或是受了逼迫，立刻就跌倒了。
And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended.

4:18    还有那撒在荆棘里的，就是人听了道。
And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,

4:19    后来有世上的思虑，钱财的迷惑，和别样的私欲，进来把道挤住了，就不能结实。
And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful.

4:20    那撒在好地上的，就是人听道，又领受，并且结实，有三十倍的，有六十倍的，有一百倍的。
And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirtyfold, some sixty, and some an hundred.

4:21    耶稣又对他们说，人拿灯来，岂是放在斗底下，床底下，不放在灯台上吗。
And he said unto them, Is a candle brought to be put under a bushel, or under a bed? and not to be set on a candlestick?

4:22    因为掩藏的事，没有不显出来的。隐瞒的事，没有不露出来的。
For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad.

4:23    有耳可听的，就应当听。
If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.

4:24    又说你们所听的要留心。你们用什么量器量给人，也必用什么量器量给你们，并且要多给你们。
And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given.

4:25    因为有的还要给他。没有的，连他所有的也要夺去。
For he that hath, to him shall be given: and he that hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he hath.

4:26    又说，神的国，如同人把种撒在地上，
And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;

4:27    黑夜睡觉，白日起来，这种就发芽渐长，那人却不晓得如何这样。
And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how.

4:28    地生五谷，是出于自然的。先发苗，后长穗，再后穗上结成饱满的子粒。
For the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear.

4:29    谷既熟了，就用镰刀去割，因为收成的时候到了。
But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putteth in the sickle, because the harvest is come.

4:30    又说，神的国，我们可用什么比较呢。可用什么比喻表明呢。
And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? or with what comparison shall we compare it?

4:31    好像一粒芥菜种，种在地里的时候，虽比地上的百种都小，
It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all the seeds that be in the earth:

4:32    但种上以后，就长起来，比各样的菜都大，又长出大枝来。甚至天上的飞鸟，可以宿在他的荫下。
But when it is sown, it groweth up, and becometh greater than all herbs, and shooteth out great branches; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it.

4:33    耶稣用许多这样的比喻，照他们所能听的，对他们讲道。
And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it.

4:34    若不用比喻，就不对他们讲。没有人的时候，就把一切的道讲给门徒听。
But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples.

4:35    当那天晚上，耶稣对门徒说，我们渡到那边去吧。
And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.

4:36    门徒离开众人，耶稣仍在船上，他们就把他一同带去。也有别的船和他同行。
And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.

4:37    忽然起了暴风，波浪打入船内，甚至船要满了水。
And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.

4:38    耶稣在船尾上，枕着枕头睡觉。门徒叫醒了他，说，夫子，我们丧命，你不顾吗。
And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?

4:39    耶稣醒了，斥责风，向海说，住了吧，静了吧。风就止住，大大的平静了。
And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

4:40    耶稣对他们说，为什么胆怯。你们没有信心吗。
And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?

4:41    他们就大大的惧怕，彼此说，这到底是谁，连风和海也听从他了。
And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


5:1    他们来到海边，格拉森人的地方。
And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.

5:2    耶稣一下船，就有一个被污鬼咐着的人，从坟茔里出来迎着他。
And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,

5:3    那人常住在坟茔里，没有人能捆住他，就是用铁链也不能。
Who had his dwelling among the tombs; and no man could bind him, no, not with chains:

5:4    因为人屡次用脚镣和铁链捆锁他，铁链竟被他挣断了，脚镣也被他弄碎了。总没有人能制伏他。
Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains, and the chains had been plucked asunder by him, and the fetters broken in pieces: neither could any man tame him.

5:5    他昼夜常在坟茔里和山中喊叫，又用石头砍自己。
And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones.

5:6    他远远的看见耶稣，就跑过去拜他。
But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,

5:7    大声呼叫说，至高神的儿子耶稣，我与你有什么相干。我指着神恳求你，不要叫我受苦。
And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not.

5:8    是因耶稣曾吩咐他说，污鬼阿，从这人身上出来吧。
For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.

5:9    耶稣问他说，你名叫什么。回答说，我名叫群，因为我们多的缘故。
And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.

5:10    就再三的求耶稣，不要叫他们离开那地方。
And he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country.

5:11    在那里山坡上，有一大群猪吃食。
Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding.

5:12    鬼就央求耶稣说，求你打发我们往猪群里附着猪去。
And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them.

5:13    耶稣准了他们。污鬼就出来，进入猪里去。于是那群猪闯下山崖，投在海里，淹死了。猪的数目，约有二千。
And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.

5:14    放猪的就逃跑了，去告诉城里和乡下的人。众人就来要看是什么事。
And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done.

5:15    他们来到耶稣那里，看见那被鬼附着的人，就是从前被群鬼所附的，坐着，穿上衣服，心里明白过来。他们就害怕。
And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.

5:16    看见这事的，便将鬼附之人所遇见的，和那群猪的事，都告诉了众人。
And they that saw it told them how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine.

5:17    众人就央求耶稣离开他们的境界。
And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts.

5:18    耶稣上船的时后，那从前被鬼附着的人，恳求和耶稣同在。
And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him.

5:19    耶稣不许，却对他说，你回家去，到你的亲属那里，将主为你所作的，是何等大的事，是怎样怜悯你，都告诉他们。
Howbeit Jesus suffered him not, but saith unto him, Go home to thy friends, and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on thee.

5:20    那人就走了，在低加波利，传扬耶稣为他作了何等大的事，众人都希奇。
And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him: and all men did marvel.

5:21    耶稣坐船又渡到那边去，就有许多人到他那里聚集。他正在海边上。
And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him: and he was nigh unto the sea.

5:22    有一个管会堂的人，名叫睚鲁，来见耶稣，就伏在他脚前，
And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,

5:23    再三的求他说，我的小女儿快要死了，求你去按手在他身上，使他痊愈，得以活了。
And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

5:24    耶稣就和他同去，有许多人跟随拥挤他。
And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him.

5:25    有一个女人，患了十二年的血漏，
And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,

5:26    在好些医生手里，受了许多的苦。又花尽了他所有的，一点也不见好，病势反倒更重了。
And had suffered many things of many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse,

5:27    他听见耶稣的事，就从后头来，杂在众人中间，摸耶稣的衣裳。
When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

5:28    意思说，我只摸他的衣裳，就必痊愈。
For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

5:29    于是他血漏的源头，立刻乾了。他便觉得身上的灾病好了。
And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

5:30    耶稣顿时心里觉得有能力从自己身上出去，就在众人中间转过来说，谁摸我的衣裳。
And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

5:31    门徒对他说，你看众人拥挤你，还说谁摸我吗。
And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

5:32    耶稣周围观看，要见作这事的女人。
And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing.

5:33    那女人知道在自己身上所成的事，就恐惧战竞，来俯伏在耶稣跟前，将实情全告诉他。
But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth.

5:34    耶稣对他说，女儿，你的信救了你，平平安安的回去吧。你的灾病痊愈了。
And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

5:35    还说话的时候，有人从管会堂的家里来说，你的女儿死了，何必还劳动先生呢。
While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further?

5:36    耶稣听见所说的话，就对管会堂的说，不要怕。只要信。
As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

5:37    于是带着彼得，雅各，和雅各的兄弟约翰同去，不许别人跟随他。
And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.

5:38    他们来到管会堂的家里，耶稣看见那里乱囔，并有人大大的哭泣哀号。
And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.

5:39    进到里面，就对他们说，为什么乱囔哭泣呢，孩子不是死了，是睡着了。
And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

5:40    他们就嗤笑耶稣。耶稣把他们都撵出去，就带着孩子的父母，和跟随的人进入了孩子所在的地方。
And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

5:41    就拉着孩子的手，对他说，大利大古米。翻出来，就是说，闺女，我吩咐你起来。
And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

5:42    那闺女立时起来走。他们就大大的惊奇。闺女已经十二岁了。
And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.

5:43    耶稣切切的嘱咐他们，不要叫人知道这事。又吩咐给他东西吃。
And he charged them straitly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


6:1    耶稣离开那里，来到自己的家乡。门徒也跟从他。
And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him.

6:2    他到了安息日，他在会堂里教训人。众人听见，就甚希奇，说，这人从那里有这些事呢，所赐给他的是什么智慧，他手所作的是何等的异能呢。
And when the sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue: and many hearing him were astonished, saying, From whence hath this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is given unto him, that even such mighty works are wrought by his hands?

6:3    这不是那木匠吗。不是马利亚的儿子，雅各，约西，犹大，西门的长兄吗。他的妹妹们不也是在我们这里吗。他们就厌弃他。（厌弃他原文作因他跌倒）
Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.

6:4    耶稣对他们说，大凡先知，除了本地亲属本家之外，没有不被人尊敬的。
But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house.

6:5    耶稣就在那里不得行什么异能，不过按手在几个病人身上，治好他们。
And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them.

6:6    他也诧异他们不信，就往周围乡村教训人去了。
And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching.

6:7    耶稣叫了十二个门徒来，差遣他们两个两个的出去。也赐给他们权柄，制伏污鬼。
And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;

6:8    并且嘱咐他们，行路的时候，不要带食物和口袋，腰袋里也不要带钱，除了拐杖以外，什么都不要带。
And commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey, save a staff only; no scrip, no bread, no money in their purse:

6:9    只要穿鞋。也不要穿两件挂子。
But be shod with sandals; and not put on two coats.

6:10    又对他们说，你们无论到何处，进了人的家，就住在那里，直到离开那地方。
And he said unto them, In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place.

6:11    何处的人，不接待你们，不听你们，你们离开那里的时候，就把脚上的尘土跺下去，对他们作见证。
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.

6:12    门徒就出去，传道叫人悔改。
And they went out, and preached that men should repent.

6:13    又赶出许多的鬼，用油抹了许多病人，治好他们。
And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them.

6:14    耶稣的名声传扬出来。希律王听见了，就说，施洗的约翰从死里复活了，所以这些异能由他里面发出来。
And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.

6:15    但别人说，是以利亚。又有人说，是先知，正像先知中的一位。
Others said, That it is Elias. And others said, That it is a prophet, or as one of the prophets.

6:16    希律听见，却说，是我所斩的约翰，他复活了。
But when Herod heard thereof, he said, It is John, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead.

6:17    先是希律为他兄弟腓力的妻子希罗底的缘故，差人去拿住约翰，锁在监里，因为希律已经娶了那妇人。
For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John, and bound him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her.

6:18    约翰曾对希律说，你娶你兄弟的妻子是不合理的。
For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife.

6:19    于是希罗底怀恨他，想要杀他。只是不能。
Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:

6:20    因为希律知道约翰是义人，是圣人，所以敬畏他，保护他。听他讲论，就多照着行。并且乐意听他。（多照着行有古卷作游移不定）
For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and an holy, and observed him; and when he heard him, he did many things, and heard him gladly.

6:21    有一天，恰巧是希律的生日，希律摆设筵席，请了大臣和千夫长，并加利利作首领的。
And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee;

6:22    希罗底的女儿进来跳舞，使希律和同席的人都欢喜。王就对女子说，你随意向我求什么，我必给你。
And when the daughter of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased Herod and them that sat with him, the king said unto the damsel, Ask of me whatsoever thou wilt, and I will give it thee.

6:23    又对他起誓说，随你向我求什么，就是我国的一半，我也必给你。
And he sware unto her, Whatsoever thou shalt ask of me, I will give it thee, unto the half of my kingdom.

6:24    他就出去，对他母亲说，我可以求什么呢。他母亲说，施洗约翰的头。
And she went forth, and said unto her mother, What shall I ask? And she said, The head of John the Baptist.

6:25    他就急忙进去见王，求他说，我愿王立时把施洗约翰的头，放在盘子里给我。
And she came in straightway with haste unto the king, and asked, saying, I will that thou give me by and by in a charger the head of John the Baptist.

6:26    王就甚忧愁。但因他所起的誓，又因同席的人，就不肯推辞。
And the king was exceeding sorry; yet for his oath's sake, and for their sakes which sat with him, he would not reject her.

6:27    随既差一个护卫兵，吩咐拿约翰的头来。护卫兵就去在监里斩了约翰，
And immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded him in the prison,

6:28    把头放在盘子里，拿来给女子，女子就给他母亲。
And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother.

6:29    约翰的门徒听见了，就来把他的尸首领去，葬在坟墓里。
And when his disciples heard of it, they came and took up his corpse, and laid it in a tomb.

6:30    使徒聚集到耶稣那里，将一切所作的事，所传的道，全告诉他。
And the apostles gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught.

6:31    他就说，你们来同我暗暗的到旷野地方去歇一歇。这是因为来往的人多，他们连吃饭也没有工夫。
And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat.

6:32    他们就坐船，暗暗的往旷野地方去。
And they departed into a desert place by ship privately.

6:33    众人看见他们去，有许多认识他们的，就从各城步行，一同跑到那里，比他们先赶到了。
And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him.

6:34    耶稣出来，见有许多的人，就怜悯他们。因为他们如同羊没有牧人一般。于是开口教训他们许多道理。
And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a shepherd: and he began to teach them many things.

6:35    天已经晚了，门徒进前来说，这是野地，天已经晚了，
And when the day was now far spent, his disciples came unto him, and said, This is a desert place, and now the time is far passed:

6:36    请叫众人散开，他们好往四面乡村里去，自己买什么吃的。
Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat.

6:37    耶稣回答说，你们给他们吃吧。门徒说，我们可以去买二十两银子的饼，给他们吃吗。
He answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they say unto him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat?

6:38    耶稣说，你们有多少饼，可以去看看。他们知道了，就说，五个饼，两条鱼。
He saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? go and see. And when they knew, they say, Five, and two fishes.

6:39    耶稣吩咐他们叫众人一帮一帮的，坐在青草地上。
And he commanded them to make all sit down by companies upon the green grass.

6:40    众人就一排一排的坐下，有一百一排的，有五十一排的。
And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds, and by fifties.

6:41    耶稣拿着这五个饼，两条鱼，望天祝福，擘开饼，递给门徒摆在众人面前。也把那两条鱼分给众人。
And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.

6:42    他们都吃，并且吃饱了。
And they did all eat, and were filled.

6:43    门徒就把碎饼碎鱼，收拾起来，装满了十二个篮子。
And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes.

6:44    吃饼的男子，共有五千。
And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.

6:45    耶稣随既催门徒上船，先渡到那边伯赛大去，等他叫众人散开。
And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent away the people.

6:46    他既辞别了他们，就往山上去祷告。
And when he had sent them away, he departed into a mountain to pray.

6:47    到了晚上，船在海中，耶稣独自在岸上。
And when even was come, the ship was in the midst of the sea, and he alone on the land.

6:48    看见门徒，因风不顺，摇橹甚苦。夜里约有四更天，就在海面上走往他们那里去，意思要走过他们去。
And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of the night he cometh unto them, walking upon the sea, and would have passed by them.

6:49    但门徒看见他在海面上走，以为是鬼怪，就喊叫起来。
But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:

6:50    因为他们都看见了他，且甚惊慌。耶稣连忙对他们说，你们放心。是我，不要怕。
For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid.

6:51    于是到他们那里上了船，风就住了。他们心里十分惊奇。
And he went up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered.

6:52    这是因为他们不明白那分饼的事，心里还是愚顽。
For they considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened.

6:53    既渡过去，来到革尼撒勒地方，就靠了岸。
And when they had passed over, they came into the land of Gennesaret, and drew to the shore.

6:54    一下船，众人认得是耶稣。
And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him,

6:55    就跑遍那一带地方，听见他在何处，便将有病的人，用褥子抬到那里。
And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was.

6:56    凡耶稣所到的地方，或村中，或城里，或乡间，他们都将病人放在街市上，求耶稣只容他们摸他的衣裳？？子。凡摸着的人，就都好了。
And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or cities, or country, they laid the sick in the streets, and besought him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


7:1    有法利赛人，和几个文士，从耶路撒冷来，到耶稣那里聚集。
Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem.

7:2    他们曾看见他的门徒中，有人用俗手，就是没有洗的手，吃饭。
And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashen, hands, they found fault.

7:3    （原来法利赛人，和犹太人，都拘守古人的遗传，若不仔细洗手，就不吃饭。
For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders.

7:4    从市上来，若不洗浴，也不吃饭，还有好些别的规矩，他们历代拘守，就是洗杯，罐，铜器，等物）。
And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brasen vessels, and of tables.

7:5    法利赛人和文士问他说，你的门徒为什么不照古人的遗传，用俗手吃饭呢。
Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?

7:6    耶稣说，以赛亚指着你们假冒为善之人所说的预言，是不错的，如经上说，这百姓用嘴唇尊敬我，心却远离我。
He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.

7:7    他们将人的吩咐，当作道理教导人，所以拜我也是枉然。
Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

7:8    你们是离弃神的诫命，拘守人的遗传。
For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.

7:9    又说，你们诚然是废弃神的诫命，要守自己的遗传。
And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition.

7:10    摩西说，当孝敬父母。又说，咒骂父母的，必治死他。
For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:

7:11    你们倒说，人若对父母说，我所当奉献给你的，已经作了各耳板，（各耳板，就是供献的意思）
But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free.

7:12    以后你们就不容他再奉养父母。
And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;

7:13    这就是你们承受遗传，废了神的道。你们还作许多这样的事。
Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.

7:14    耶稣又叫众人来，对他们说，你们都要听我的话，也要明白。
And when he had called all the people unto him, he said unto them, Hearken unto me every one of you, and understand:

7:15    从外面进去的，不能污秽人，惟有从里面出来的，乃能污秽人。（有古卷在此有，
There is nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defile the man.

7:16    有耳可听的就应当听）。
If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.

7:17    耶稣离开众人，进了屋子，门徒就问他这比喻的意思。
And when he was entered into the house from the people, his disciples asked him concerning the parable.

7:18    耶稣对他们说，你们也是这样不明白吗。岂不晓得凡从外面进入的，不能污秽人。
And he saith unto them, Are ye so without understanding also? Do ye not perceive, that whatsoever thing from without entereth into the man, it cannot defile him;

7:19    因为不是入他的心，乃是入他的肚腹，又落到茅厕里。这是说，各样的食物，都是洁净的。
Because it entereth not into his heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all meats?

7:20    又说，从人里面出来的，那才能污秽人。
And he said, That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man.



7:21    因为从里面，就是从人心里，发出恶念，苟合，
For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,

7:22    偷盗，凶杀，奸淫，贪婪，邪恶，诡诈，淫荡，嫉妒，谤？？，骄傲，狂妄。
Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:

7:23    这一切的恶，都是从里面出来，且能污秽人。
All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.

7:24    耶稣从那里起身，往推罗西顿的境内去。进了一家，不愿意人知道，却隐藏不住。
And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an house, and would have no man know it: but he could not be hid.

7:25    当下有一个妇人，他的小女儿被污鬼附着，听见耶稣的事，就来俯伏在他脚前。
For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet:

7:26    这妇人是希腊人，属叙利非尼基族。他求耶稣赶出那鬼，离开他的女儿。
The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.

7:27    耶稣对他说，让儿女们先吃饱。不好拿儿女的饼丢给狗吃。
But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be filled: for it is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs.

7:28    妇人回答说，主阿，不错。但是狗在桌子底下，也吃孩子们的碎渣儿。
And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs.

7:29    耶稣对他说，因这句话，你回去吧。鬼已经离开你的女儿了。
And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter.

7:30    他就回家去，见小孩子躺在床上，鬼已经出去了。
And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed.

7:31    耶稣又离开推罗的境界，经过西顿，就从低加波利境内来到加利利海。
And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.

7:32    有人带着一个耳聋舌结的人，来见耶稣，求他按手在他身上。
And they bring unto him one that was deaf, and had an impediment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand upon him.

7:33    耶稣领他离开众人，到一边去，就用指头探他的耳朵，吐唾沫抹他的舌头，
And he took him aside from the multitude, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spit, and touched his tongue;

7:34    望天叹息，对他说，以法大，就是说，开了吧。
And looking up to heaven, he sighed, and saith unto him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened.

7:35    他的耳朵就开了，舌结也解了，说话也清楚了。
And straightway his ears were opened, and the string of his tongue was loosed, and he spake plain.

7:36    耶稣嘱咐他们，不要告诉人。但他越发嘱咐，他们越发传扬开了。
And he charged them that they should tell no man: but the more he charged them, so much the more a great deal they published it;

7:37    众人分外希奇，说，他所作的事都好，他连聋子也叫他们听见，哑吧也叫他们说话。
And were beyond measure astonished, saying, He hath done all things well: he maketh both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


8:1    那时，又有许多人聚集，并没有什么吃的。耶稣叫门徒来，说，
In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them,

8:2    我怜悯这众人，因为他们同我在这里已经三天，也没有吃的了。
I have compassion on the multitude, because they have now been with me three days, and have nothing to eat:

8:3    我若打发他们饿着回家，就必在路上困乏。因为其中有从远处来的。
And if I send them away fasting to their own houses, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far.

8:4    门徒回答说，在这野地，从那里能得饼，叫这些人吃饱呢。
And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?

8:5    耶稣问他们说，你们有多少饼。他们说，七个。
And he asked them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven.

8:6    他吩咐众人坐在地上，就拿着这七个饼，祝谢了，擘开递给门徒叫他们摆开，门徒就摆在众人面前。
And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people.

8:7    又有几条小鱼。耶稣祝了福，就吩咐也摆在众人面前。
And they had a few small fishes: and he blessed, and commanded to set them also before them.

8:8    众人都吃，并且吃饱了。收拾剩下的零碎，有七筐子。
So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets.

8:9    人数约有四千。耶稣打发他们走了，
And they that had eaten were about four thousand: and he sent them away.

8:10    随既同门徒上船，来到大玛努他境内。
And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha.

8:11    法利赛人出来盘问耶稣，求他从天上显个神迹给他们看，想要试探他。
And the Pharisees came forth, and began to question with him, seeking of him a sign from heaven, tempting him.

8:12    耶稣心里深深的叹息说，这世代为什么求神迹呢。我实在告诉你们，没有神迹给这世代看。
And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation.

8:13    他就离开他们，又上船往海那边去了。
And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side.

8:14    门徒忘了带饼。在船上除了一个饼，没有别的食物。
Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf.

8:15    耶稣嘱咐他们说，你们要谨慎，防备法利赛人的酵，和希律的酵。
And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.

8:16    他们彼此议论说，这是因为我们没有饼吧。
And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have no bread.

8:17    耶稣看出来，就说，你们为什么因为没有饼就议论呢。你们还不省悟，还不明白吗。你们的心还是愚顽吗。
And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread? perceive ye not yet, neither understand? have ye your heart yet hardened?

8:18    你们有眼睛看不见吗，有耳朵，听不见吗。也不记得吗。
Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?

8:19    我擘开那五个饼分给五千人，你们收拾的零碎，装满了多少篮子呢。他们说，十二个。
When I brake the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? They say unto him, Twelve.

8:20    又擘开那七个饼分给四千人，你们收拾的零碎，装满了多少筐子呢。他们说，七个。
And when the seven among four thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? And they said, Seven.

8:21    耶稣说，你们还是不明白吗。
And he said unto them, How is it that ye do not understand?

8:22    他们来到伯赛大，有人带一个瞎子来，求耶稣摸他。
And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him.

8:23    耶稣拉着瞎子的手，领他到村外。就吐唾沫在他眼睛上，按手在他身上，问他说，你看见什么了。
And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.

8:24    他就抬头一看说，我看见人了。他们好像树木，并且行走。
And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.

8:25    随后又按手在他眼睛上，他定睛一看，就复了原，样样都看得清楚了。
After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.

8:26    耶稣打发他回家，说，连这村子你也不要进去。
And he sent him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in the town.

8:27    耶稣和门徒出去，往凯撒利亚-腓立比的村庄去。在路上问门徒说，人说我是谁。
And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I am?

8:28    他们说，有人说，是施洗的约翰。有人说，是以利亚。又有人说，是先知里的一位。
And they answered, John the Baptist: but some say, Elias; and others, One of the prophets.

8:29    又问他们说，你们说我是谁。彼得回答说，你是基督。
And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ.

8:30    耶稣就禁戒他们，不要告诉人。
And he charged them that they should tell no man of him.

8:31    从此他教训他们说，人子必须受许多的苦，被长老祭司长和文士弃绝，并且被杀，过三天复活。
And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.

8:32    耶稣明明的说这话，彼得就拉着他，劝他。
And he spake that saying openly. And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him.

8:33    耶稣转过来，看着门徒，就责备彼得说，撒但，退我后边去吧。因为你不体贴神的意思，只体贴人的意思。
But when he had turned about and looked on his disciples, he rebuked Peter, saying, Get thee behind me, Satan: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.

8:34    于是叫众人和门徒来，对他们说，若有人要跟从我，就当舍己，背起他的十字架来跟从我。
And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.

8:35    因为凡救自己生命的，（生命或作灵魂下同）必丧掉生命。凡为我和福音丧掉生命的，必救了生命。
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it.

8:36    人就是赚得全世界，赔上自己的生命，有什么益处呢。
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?

8:37    人还能拿什么换生命呢。
Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

8:38    凡在这淫乱罪恶的世代，把我和我的道当作可耻的，人子在他父的荣耀里，同圣天使降临的时候，也要把那人当作可耻的。
Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


9:1    耶稣又对他们说，我实在告诉你们，站在这里的，有人在没尝死味以前，必要看见神的国大有能力临到。
And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power.



9:2    过了六天，耶稣带着彼得，雅各，约翰，暗暗的上了高山，就在他们面前变了形像。
And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them.

9:3    衣服放光，极其洁白。地上漂布的，没有一个能漂得那样白。
And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them.

9:4    忽然有以利亚同摩西向他们显现。并且和耶稣说话。
And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.

9:5    彼得对耶稣说，拉比，（拉比就是夫子）我们在这里真好。可以搭三座棚，一座为你，一座为摩西，一座为以利亚。
And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.

9:6    彼得不知道说什么才好。因为他们甚是惧怕，
For he wist not what to say; for they were sore afraid.

9:7    有一朵云彩来遮盖他们。也有声音从云彩里出来说，这是我的爱子，你们要听他。
And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

9:8    门徒忽然周围一看，不见一人，只见耶稣同他们在那里。
And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves.

9:9    下山的时候，耶稣嘱咐他们说，人子还没有从死里复活，你们不要将所看见的告诉人。
And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead.

9:10    门徒将这话存记在心，彼此议论从死里复活是什么意思。
And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean.

9:11    他们就问耶稣说，文士为什么说，以利亚必须先来。
And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?

9:12    耶稣说，以利亚固然先来，复兴万事。经上不是指着人子说，他要受许多的苦，被人轻慢呢。
And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.

9:13    我告诉你们，以利亚已经来了，他们也任意待他，正如经上所指着他的话。
But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him.

9:14    耶稣到了门徒那里，看见有许多人围着他们，又有文士和他们辩论。
And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them.

9:15    众人一见耶稣，都甚希奇，就跑上去问他的安。
And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him.

9:16    耶稣问他们说，你们和他们辩论的是什么。
And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?

9:17    众人中间有一个回答说，夫子，我带了我的儿子到你这里来，他被哑巴鬼附着。
And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;

9:18    无论在那里，鬼捉弄他，把他摔倒，他就口中流沫，咬牙切齿，身体枯乾，我请过你的门徒把鬼赶出去，他们却是不能。
And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.

9:19    耶稣说，嗳，不信的世代阿，我在你们这里要到几时呢。我忍耐你们要到几时呢。把他带到我这里来吧。
He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.

9:20    他们就带了他来。他一见耶稣，鬼便叫他重重的抽疯。倒在地上，翻来覆去，口中流沫。
And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.

9:21    耶稣问他父亲说，他得这病，有多少日子呢。回答说，从小的时后。
And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.

9:22    鬼屡次把他扔在火里，水里，要灭他。你若能作什么，求你怜悯我们，帮助我们。
And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.

9:23    耶稣对他说，你若能信，在信的人，凡事都能。
Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

9:24    孩子的父亲立时喊着说，我信。但我信不足，求主帮助。（有古卷作立时流泪的喊着说）
And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.

9:25    耶稣看见众人都跑上来，就斥责那污鬼，说，你们聋哑的鬼，我吩咐你从他里头出来，再不要进去。
When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.

9:26    那鬼喊叫，使孩子大大的抽了一阵疯，就出来了。孩子好像死了一班，以致众人多半说，他是死了。
And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead.

9:27    但耶稣拉他的手，扶他起来，他就站起来了。
But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.

9:28    耶稣进了屋子，门徒就暗暗的问他说，我们为什么不能赶出他去呢。
And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?

9:29    耶稣说，非用祷告，（有古卷在这有禁食二字）这一类的鬼，总不能出来。（或作不能赶他出来）
And he said unto them, This kind can come forth by nothing, but by prayer and fasting.

9:30    他们离开那地方，经过加利利。耶稣不愿意人知道。
And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it.

9:31    于是教训门徒，说，人子将要被交在人手里，他们要杀害他。被杀以后，过三天他要复活。
For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day.

9:32    门徒却不明白这话，又不敢问他。
But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him.

9:33    他们来到迦百农。耶稣在屋里问门徒说，你们在路上议论的是什么。
And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it that ye disputed among yourselves by the way?

9:34    门徒不作声，因为他们在路上彼此争论谁为大。
But they held their peace: for by the way they had disputed among themselves, who should be the greatest.

9:35    耶稣坐下，叫十二个门徒来，说，有人愿意作首先的，他必作众人末后的，作众人的用人。
And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all.

9:36    于是领过一个小孩子来，叫他站在门徒中间。又抱起他来，对他们说，
And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them: and when he had taken him in his arms, he said unto them,

9:37    凡为我名，接待一个像这小孩子的就是接待我。凡接待我的，不是接待我，乃是接待那差我来的。
Whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me, receiveth not me, but him that sent me.

9:38    约翰对耶稣说，夫子，我们看见一个人，奉你的名赶鬼，我们就禁止他，因为他不跟从我们。
And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us.

9:39    耶稣说，不要禁止他。因为没有人奉我名行异能，反倒轻易毁谤我。
But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me.

9:40    不敌挡我们的，就是帮助我们的。
For he that is not against us is on our part.



9:41    凡因你们是属基督，给你们一杯水喝的，我实在告诉你们，他不能不得赏赐。
For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward.

9:42    凡使这信我的一个小子跌倒的，倒不如把大磨石栓在这人的颈项上，扔在海里。
And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.

9:43    倘若你一只手叫你跌倒，就把他砍下来。
And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:

9:44    你缺了肢体进入永生，强如有两只手落到地狱，入那不灭的火里去。
Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.

9:45    倘若你一只脚叫你跌倒，就把他砍下来。
And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:

9:46    你瘸腿进入永生，强如有两只脚被丢在地狱里。
Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.

9:47    倘若你一只眼叫你跌倒，就去掉他。你只有一只眼进入神的国，强如有两只眼被丢在地狱里。
And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire:

9:48    在那里虫是不死的，火是不灭的。
Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.

9:49    因为必用火当盐，腌各人。（有古卷在此有凡祭物必用盐腌）
For every one shall be salted with fire, and every sacrifice shall be salted with salt.

9:50    盐本是好的，若失了味，可用什么叫他在咸呢。你们里头应当有盐，彼此和睦。
Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peace one with another.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


10:1    耶稣从那里起身，来到犹太的境界，并约旦河外。众人又聚集到他那里，他又照常教训他们。
And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again.

10:2    有法利赛人来问他说，人休妻可以不可以，意思要试探他。
And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.

10:3    耶稣回答说，摩西吩咐你们的是什么。
And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?

10:4    他们说，摩西许人写了休书便可以休妻。
And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away.

10:5    耶稣说，摩西因为你们的心硬，所以写这条例给你们。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.

10:6    但从起初创造的时候，神造人是造男造女。
But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.

10:7    因此人要离开父母，与妻子连合，二人成为一体。
For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;

10:8    既然如此，夫妻不再是两个人，乃是一体的了。
And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh.

10:9    所以神配合的，人不可分开。
What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.

10:10    到了屋里，门徒就问他这事。
And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.

10:11    耶稣对他们说，凡休妻另娶的，就是犯奸淫，辜负他的妻子。
And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her.

10:12    妻子若离弃丈夫另嫁，也是犯奸淫了。
And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery.

10:13    有人带着小孩子来见耶稣，要耶稣摸他们，门徒便责备那些人。
And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.

10:14    耶稣看见就恼怒，对门徒说，让小孩到我这里来，不要禁止他们。因为在神国的，正是这样的人。
But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

10:15    我实在告诉你们，凡要承受神国的，若不像小孩子，断不能进去。
Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.

10:16    于是抱着小孩子，给他们按手，为他们祝福。
And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them.

10:17    耶稣出来行路的时候，有一个人跑来，跪在他面前问他说，良善的夫子，我当作什么事，才可以承受永生。
And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?

10:18    耶稣对他说，你为什么称我是良善的。除了神一位之外，再没有良善的。
And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.

10:19    诫命你是晓得的，不可杀人，不可奸淫，不可偷盗，不可作假见证，不可亏负人，当孝敬父母。
Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother.

10:20    他对耶稣说，夫子，这一切我从小都遵守了。
And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.

10:21    耶稣看着他，就爱他，对他说，你还缺少一件。去变卖你所有的，分给穷人，就必有财宝在天上。你还要来跟从我。
Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.

10:22    他听见这话，脸上就变了色，忧忧愁愁的走了。因为他的产业很多。
And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.

10:23    耶稣周围一看，对门徒说，有钱财的人进神的国是何等的难哪。
And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!

10:24    门徒希奇他的话。耶稣又对他们说，小子，倚靠钱财的人进神的国，是何等的难哪。
And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!

10:25    骆驼穿过针的眼，比财主进神的国，还容易呢。
It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

10:26    门徒就分外希奇，对他说，这样谁能得救呢。
And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?

10:27    耶稣看着他们说，在人是不能，在神却不然。因为神凡事都能。
And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.

10:28    彼得就对他说，看哪，我们已经撇下所有的跟从你了。
Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all, and have followed thee.

10:29    耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，人为我和福音，撇下房屋，或是弟兄，姐妹，父母，儿女，田地。
And Jesus answered and said, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's,

10:30    没有不在今世得百倍的，就是房屋，弟兄，姐妹，母亲，儿女，田地，并且要受逼迫。在来世必得永生。
But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.

10:31    然而有许多在前的将要在后，在后的将要在前。
But many that are first shall be last; and the last first.

10:32    他们行路上耶路撒冷去。耶稣在前头走，门徒就希奇，跟从的人也害怕。耶稣又叫过十二个门徒来，把自己将要遭遇的事，告诉他们说，
And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went before them: and they were amazed; and as they followed, they were afraid. And he took again the twelve, and began to tell them what things should happen unto him,

10:33    看哪，我们上耶路撒冷去，人子将要被交给祭司长和文士，他们要定他死罪，交给外邦人。
Saying, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests, and unto the scribes; and they shall condemn him to death, and shall deliver him to the Gentiles:

10:34    他们要戏弄他，吐唾抹在他脸上，鞭打他，杀害他。过了三天，他要复活。
And they shall mock him, and shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and the third day he shall rise again.

10:35    西庇太的儿子雅各，约翰进前来，对耶稣说，夫子，我们无论求你什么，愿你给我们作。
And James and John, the sons of Zebedee, come unto him, saying, Master, we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire.

10:36    耶稣说，要我给你们作什么。
And he said unto them, What would ye that I should do for you?

10:37    他们说，赐我们在你的荣耀里，一个坐在你右边，一个坐在你左边。
They said unto him, Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory.

10:38    耶稣说，你们不知道所求的是什么。我所喝的杯。你们能喝吗。我所受的洗，你们能受吗。
But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not what ye ask: can ye drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?

10:39    他们说，我们能。耶稣说，我所喝的杯，你们也要喝。我所受的洗，你们也要受。
And they said unto him, We can. And Jesus said unto them, Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized:

10:40    只是坐在我的左右，不是我可以赐的。乃是为谁豫备的，就赐给谁。
But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared.

10:41    那十个门徒听见，就恼怒雅各，约翰。
And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John.

10:42    耶稣叫他们来，对他们说，你们知道，外邦人有尊为君王的，治理他们。有大臣操权管束他们。
But Jesus called them to him, and saith unto them, Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them.

10:43    只是在你们中间，不是这样。你们中间，谁愿为大，就必作你们的用人。
But so shall it not be among you: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister:

10:44    在你们中间，谁愿为首，就必作众人的仆人。
And whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all.

10:45    因为人子来，并不是要受人的服事，乃是要服事人，并且要舍命，作多人的赎价。
For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.

10:46    到了耶利哥。耶稣同门徒并许多人出耶利哥的时候，有一个讨饭的瞎子，是底买的儿子巴底买，坐在路旁。
And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.

10:47    他听见是拿撒勒的耶稣，就喊着说，大卫的子孙耶稣阿，可怜我吧。
And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

10:48    有许多人责备他，不许他作声，他却越发大声喊着说，大卫的子孙哪，可怜我吧。
And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

10:49    耶稣就站住，说，叫他过来。他们就叫那瞎子，对他说，放心，起来，他叫你喇。
And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

10:50    瞎子就丢下衣服，跳起来，走到耶稣那里。
And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.



10:51    耶稣说，要我为你作什么。瞎子说，拉波尼，我要能看见。（拉波尼就是夫子）
And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.

10:52    耶稣说，你去吧。你的信救了你了。瞎子立刻看见了，就在路上跟随耶稣。
And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


11:1    耶稣和门徒将近耶路撒冷，到了伯法其和伯大尼，在橄榄山那里。耶稣就打发两个门徒，
And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disciples,

11:2    对他们说，你们往对面村子里去。一进去的时候，必看见一匹驴驹拴在那里，是从来没有人骑过的。可以解开牵来。
And saith unto them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him.

11:3    若有人对你们说，为什么作这事。你们就说，主要用他。那人必立时让你们牵来。
And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither.

11:4    他们去了，便看见一匹驴驹，拴在门外街道上，就把他解开。
And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a place where two ways met; and they loose him.

11:5    在那里站着的人，有几个说，你们解驴驹作什么。
And certain of them that stood there said unto them, What do ye, loosing the colt?

11:6    门徒照着耶稣所说的回答，那些人就任凭他们牵去了。
And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go.

11:7    他们把驴驹牵到耶稣那里，把自己的衣服搭在上面，耶稣就骑上。
And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast their garments on him; and he sat upon him.

11:8    有许多人，把衣服铺在路上，也有人把田间的树枝砍下来，铺在路上。
And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in the way.

11:9    前行后随的人，都喊着说，和散那，（和散那原有求救的意思，在此乃是称颂的话）奉主名来的，是应当称颂的。
And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:

11:10    那将要来的我祖大卫之国，是应当称颂的。高高在上，和散那。
Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

11:11    耶稣进了耶路撒冷，入了圣殿，周围看了各样物件。天色已晚，就和十二个门徒出城往伯大尼去了。
And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve.

11:12    第二天，他们从伯大尼出来。耶稣饿了，
And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:

11:13    远远的看见一棵无花果树，树上有叶子，就往那里去，或者在树上可以找着什么。到了树下，竟找不着什么，不过有叶子。因为不是收无花果的时候。
And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.

11:14    耶稣就树说，从今以后，永没有人吃你的果子。他的门徒也听见了。
And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.

11:15    他们来到耶路撒冷，耶稣进入圣殿，赶出殿里作买卖的人，推倒兑换银钱之人的桌子，和卖鸽子之人的凳子。
And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;

11:16    也不许人拿着器具从殿里经过。
And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple.

11:17    便教训他们说，经上不是记着说，我的殿必称为万国祷告的殿吗。你们倒使他成为贼窝了。
And he taught, saying unto them, Is it not written, My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer? but ye have made it a den of thieves.

11:18    祭司长和文士听见这话就想法子要除灭耶稣。却又怕他，因为众人都希奇他的教训。
And the scribes and chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine.

11:19    每天晚上，耶稣出城去。
And when even was come, he went out of the city.

11:20    早晨，他们从那里经过，看见无花果树连根都枯乾了。
And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.

11:21    彼得想起耶稣的话来，就对他说，拉比，请看，你所咒诅的无花果树，已经枯乾了。
And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.

11:22    耶稣回答说，你们当信服神。
And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.

11:23    我实在告诉你们，无论何人对这座山说，你挪开此地投在海里。他心里若不疑惑，只信他所说的必成，就必给他成了。
For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

11:24    所以我告诉你们，凡你们祷告祈求的，无论是什么，只要信是得着的，就必得着。
Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

11:25    你们站着祷告的时候，若想起有人得罪你们，就当饶恕他，好叫你们在天上的父，也饶恕你们的过犯。
And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.

11:26    你们若不饶恕人，你们在天上的父，也不饶恕你们的过犯。（有古卷无此节）
But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses.

11:27    他们又来到耶路撒冷。耶稣在殿里行走的时候，祭司长和文士并长老进前来，
And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders,

11:28    问他说，你仗着什么权柄作这些事，给你这权柄的是谁呢。
And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things?

11:29    耶稣对他们说，我要问你们一句话，你们回答我，我就告诉你们，我仗着什么权柄作这事。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things.

11:30    约翰的洗礼，是从天上来的是从人间来的呢。你们可以回答我。
The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me.

11:31    他们彼此商论说，我们若说从天上来，他必说，这样，你们为什么不信他呢。
And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him?

11:32    若说从人间来，却又怕百姓。因为众人真以约翰为先知。
But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed.

11:33    于是回答耶稣说，我们不知道。耶稣说，我也不告诉你们，我仗着什么权柄作这事。
And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


12:1    耶稣就用比喻对他们说，有人栽了一个葡萄园，周围圈上篱笆，挖了一个压酒池，盖了一座楼，租给园户，就往国外去了。
And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country.

12:2    到了时候，打发一个仆人到园户那里，要从园户收葡萄园的果子。
And at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant, that he might receive from the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard.

12:3    园户拿住他，打了他，叫他空手回去。
And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty.

12:4    再打发一个仆人到他们那里。他们打伤他的头，并且凌辱他。
And again he sent unto them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled.

12:5    又打发一个仆人去。他们就杀了他。后又打发好些仆人去。有被他们打的，有被他们杀的。
And again he sent another; and him they killed, and many others; beating some, and killing some.

12:6    园主还有一位，是他的爱子，末后又打发他去，意思说，他们必尊敬我的儿子。
Having yet therefore one son, his wellbeloved, he sent him also last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son.

12:7    不料，那些园户彼此说，这是承受产业的。来吧，我们杀他，产业就归我们了。
But those husbandmen said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be our's.

12:8    于是拿住他，杀了他，把他丢在园外。
And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard.

12:9    这样，葡萄园的主人要怎样办呢。他要来除灭那些园户，将葡萄园转给别人。
What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the husbandmen, and will give the vineyard unto others.

12:10    经上写着说匠人所弃的石头，已作了房角的头块石头。
And have ye not read this scripture; The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner:

12:11    这是主所作的，在我们眼中看为希奇。这经你们没有念过吗。
This was the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?

12:12    他们看出这比喻是指着他们说的，就想要捉拿他，只是惧怕百姓。于是离开他走了。
And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people: for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them: and they left him, and went their way.

12:13    后来他们打发几个法利赛人和几个希律党的人，到耶稣那里，要就着他的话陷害他。
And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.

12:14    他们来了，就对他说，夫子，我们知道你是诚实的，什么人你都不徇情。因为你不看人的外貌，乃是诚诚实实传神的道。纳税给凯撒可以不可以。
And when they were come, they say unto him, Master, we know that thou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?

12:15    我们该纳不该纳。耶稣知道他们的假意，就对他们说，你们为什么试探我。拿一个银钱来给我看。
Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it.

12:16    他们就拿了来。耶稣说，这像和这号是谁的。他们说，是凯撒的。
And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's.

12:17    耶稣说，凯撒的物当归给凯撒，神的物当归给神。他们就很希奇他。
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. And they marvelled at him.

12:18    撒都该人常说，没有复活的事。他们来问耶稣说，
Then come unto him the Sadducees, which say there is no resurrection; and they asked him, saying,

12:19    夫子，摩西为我们写着说，人若死了，撇下妻子，没有孩子，他兄弟当娶他的妻，为哥哥生子立后。
Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.

12:20    有弟兄七人，第一个娶了妻，死了，没有留下孩子。
Now there were seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed.

12:21    第二个娶了他，也死了，没有留下孩子。第三个也是这样。
And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise.

12:22    那七个人都没有留下孩子。末了，那妇人也死了。
And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also.

12:23    当复活的时候，他是那一个的妻子呢。因为他们七个人都娶过他。
In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife.

12:24    耶稣说，你们所以错了，岂不是因为不明白圣经，不晓得神的大能吗。
And Jesus answering said unto them, Do ye not therefore err, because ye know not the scriptures, neither the power of God?

12:25    人从死里复活，也不娶，也不嫁，乃像天上的使者一样。
For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven.

12:26    论到死人复活，你们没有念过摩西的书，荆棘篇上所载的吗神对摩西说，我是亚伯拉罕的神，以撒的神，雅各的神。
And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?

12:27    神不是死人的神，乃是活人的神。你们是大错了。
He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err.

12:28    有一个文士来，听见他们辩论，晓得耶稣回答的好，就问他说，诫命中那是第一要紧的呢
And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?

12:29    耶稣回答说，第一要紧的，就是说，以色列阿，你要听。主我们神，是独一的主。
And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:

12:30    你要尽心，尽性，尽意，尽力，爱主你的神。
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment.

12:31    其次，就是说，要爱人如己。再没有比这两条诫命更大的了。
And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.

12:32    那文士对耶稣说，夫子说，神是一位，实在不错。除了他以外，再没有别的神。
And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he:

12:33    并且尽心，尽智，尽力，爱他，又爱人如己，就比一切燔祭，和各样祭祀，好的多。
And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices.

12:34    耶稣见他回答的有智慧，就对他说，你离神的国不远了。从此以后，没有人敢再问他什么。
And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly, he said unto him, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that durst ask him any question.

12:35    耶稣在殿里教训人，就问他们说，文士怎样说，基督是大卫的子孙呢。
And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David?

12:36    大卫被圣灵感动说，主对我主说，你坐在我的右边，等我使你的仇敌作你的脚凳。
For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool.

12:37    大卫既自己称他为主，他怎吗又是大卫的子孙呢。众人都喜欢听他。
David therefore himself calleth him Lord; and whence is he then his son? And the common people heard him gladly.

12:38    耶稣在教训之间，说，你们要防备文士，他们好穿长衣游行，喜爱人在街市上问他们的安，
And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,

12:39    又喜爱会堂里的高位筵席上的首座。
And the chief seats in the synagogues, and the uppermost rooms at feasts:

12:40    他们侵吞寡妇的家产，假意作很长的祷告。这些人要受更重的刑罚。
Which devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.

12:41    耶稣对银库坐着，看众人怎样投钱入库。有好些财主，往里投了若干的钱。
And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.

12:42    有一个穷寡妇来，往里投了两个小钱，就是一个大钱。
And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.

12:43    耶稣叫门徒来，说，我实在告诉你们，这穷寡妇投入库里的，比众人所投的更多。
And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:

12:44    因为他们都是自己有馀，拿出来投在里头。但这寡妇是自己不足，把他一切养生的都投上了。
For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


13:1    耶稣从殿里出来的时候，有一个门徒对他说，夫子，请看，这是何等的石头，何等的殿宇。
And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!

13:2    耶稣对他说，你看见这大殿宇吗。将来在这里没有一块石头留在石头上，不被拆毁了。
And Jesus answering said unto him, Seest thou these great buildings? there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.

13:3    耶稣在橄榄山上对圣殿而坐。彼得，雅各，约翰，和安得烈，暗暗的问他说，
And as he sat upon the mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately,

13:4    请告诉我们，什么时候有这些事呢。这一切事，将成的时候，有什么豫兆呢。
Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled?

13:5    耶稣说，你们要谨慎，免得有人迷惑你们。
And Jesus answering them began to say, Take heed lest any man deceive you:

13:6    将来有好些人冒我的名来，说，我是基督。并且要迷惑许多人。
For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.

13:7    你们听见打仗，和打仗的风声，不要惊慌。这些事是必须有的，只是末期还没有到。
And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet.

13:8    民要攻打民，国要攻打国，多处必有地震，饥荒。这都是灾难的起头。（灾难原文作生产之苦）
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows.

13:9    但你们要谨慎。因为人要把你们交给公会，并且你们在会堂里要受鞭打。又为我的缘故，站在诸侯与君王面前，对他们作见证。
But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them.

13:10    然而福音必须先传给万民。
And the gospel must first be published among all nations.

13:11    人把你们拉去交官的时候，不要豫先思虑说什么。到那时候，赐给你们什么话，你们就说什么，因为说话的不是你们，乃是圣灵。
But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.

13:12    弟兄要把弟兄，父亲要把儿子，送到死地。儿女要起来与父母为敌，害死他们。
Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death.

13:13    并且你们要为我的名，被众人恨恶，惟有忍耐到底的，必然得救。
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.

13:14    你们看见那行毁坏可憎的，站在不当站的地方。（读这经的人，须要会意）那时在犹太的，应当逃到山上。
But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:

13:15    在房上的，不要下来，也不要进去拿家里的东西。
And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:

13:16    在田里的，也不要回去取衣裳。
And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment.

13:17    当那些日子，怀孕的和奶孩子的有祸了。
But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!

13:18    你们应当祈求，叫这些事不在冬天临到。
And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter.

13:19    因为在那些日子必有灾难，自从）神创造万物直到如今，并没有这样的灾难。后来也必没有。
For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be.

13:20    若不是主减少那日子，凡有血气的，总没有一个得救的。只是为主的选民，他将那日子减少了。
And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days.

13:21    那时若有人对你们说，看哪，基督在这里。或说，基督在那里。你们不要信。
And then if any man shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he is there; believe him not:

13:22    因为假基督，假先知，将要起来，显神迹奇事。倘若能行，就把选民迷惑了。
For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

13:23    你们要谨慎。看哪，凡事我都豫先告诉你们了。
But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things.

13:24    在那些日子，那灾难以后，日头要变黑了，月亮也不放光，
But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,

13:25    众星要从天上坠落，天势都要震动。
And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken.

13:26    那时他们（马太二十四章三十节作地上的万族）要看见人子有大能力，大荣耀，驾云降临。
And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.

13:27    他要差遣天使，把他的选民，从四方，从地极直到天边，都招聚了来。（方原文作风）
And then shall he send his angels, and shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of heaven.

13:28    你们可以从无花果树学个比方。当树枝发嫩长叶的时候，你们就知道夏天近了。
Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:

13:29    这样，你们几时看见这些事成就，也该知道人子近了，（人子或作神的国）正在门口了。
So ye in like manner, when ye shall see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors.

13:30    我实在告诉你们，这世代还没有过去，这些事都要成就。
Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.

13:31    天地要废去。我的话却不能废去。
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

13:32    但那日子，那时辰，没有人知道，连天上的使者也不知道，子也不知道，惟有父知道。
But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.



13:33    你们要谨慎，儆醒祈祷，因为你们不晓得那日期几时来到。
Take ye heed, watch and pray: for ye know not when the time is.

13:34    这事正如一个人离开本家，寄居外邦，把权柄交给仆人，分派各人当作的工，又吩咐看门的儆醒。
For the Son of man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch.

13:35    所以你们要儆醒，因为你们不知道家主什么时候来，或晚上，或半夜，或鸡叫，或早晨。
Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning:

13:36    恐怕他忽然来到，看见你们睡着了。
Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.

13:37    我对你们所说的话，也是对众人说，要儆醒。
And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


14:1    过两天是逾越节，又是除酵节。祭司长和文士，想法子怎吗用诡计捉拿耶稣杀他。
After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.

14:2    只是说，当节的日子不可，恐怕百姓生乱。
But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people.

14:3    耶稣在伯大尼长大麻疯的西门家里坐席的时候，有一个女人，拿着一玉瓶至贵的真哪哒香膏来，打破玉瓶，把香膏浇在耶稣的头上。
And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his head.

14:4    有几个人心中很不喜悦，说，何用这样枉费香膏呢。
And there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said, Why was this waste of the ointment made?

14:5    这香膏可以卖三十多两银子周济穷人。他们就向那女人生气。
For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and have been given to the poor. And they murmured against her.

14:6    耶稣说，由他吧。为什么难为他呢。他在我身上作的是一件美事。
And Jesus said, Let her alone; why trouble ye her? she hath wrought a good work on me.

14:7    因为常有穷人和你们同在，要向他们行善，随时都可以。只是你们不常有我。
For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will ye may do them good: but me ye have not always.

14:8    他所作的，是尽他所能的。他是为我安葬的事，把香膏豫先浇在我身上。
She hath done what she could: she is come aforehand to anoint my body to the burying.

14:9    我实在告诉你们，普天之下，无论在什么地方传这福音，也要述说这女人所作的以为记念。
Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her.

14:10    十二门徒之中有一个加略人犹大，去见祭司长，要把耶稣交给他们。
And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went unto the chief priests, to betray him unto them.

14:11    他们听见就欢喜，又应许给他银子。他就寻思如何得便，把耶稣交给他们。
And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him.

14:12    除酵节的第一天，就是宰逾越节羊羔的那一天，门徒对耶稣说，你吃逾越节的筵席，要我们往那里去豫备呢。
And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said unto him, Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover?

14:13    耶稣就打发两个门徒，对他们说，你们进城去，必有人拿着一瓶水，迎面而来。你们就跟着他。
And he sendeth forth two of his disciples, and saith unto them, Go ye into the city, and there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water: follow him.

14:14    他进那家去，你们就对那家的主人说，夫子说，客房在那里，我与门徒好在那里吃逾越节的筵席。
And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of the house, The Master saith, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?

14:15    他必指给你们摆设整齐的一间大楼，你们就在那里为我们豫备。
And he will shew you a large upper room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us.

14:16    门徒出去，进了城，所遇见的，正如耶稣所说的。他们就豫备了逾越节的筵席
And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.

14:17    到了晚上，耶稣和十二个门徒都来了。
And in the evening he cometh with the twelve.

14:18    他们坐席正吃的时候，耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，你们中间有一个与我同吃的人要卖我了。
And as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, One of you which eateth with me shall betray me.



14:19    他们就忧愁起来，一个一个的问他说，是我吗。
And they began to be sorrowful, and to say unto him one by one, Is it I? and another said, Is it I?

14:20    耶稣对他们说，是十二个门徒同我蘸手在盘子里的那个人。
And he answered and said unto them, It is one of the twelve, that dippeth with me in the dish.

14:21    人子必要去世，正如经上指着他所写的。但卖人子的人有祸了，那人不生在世上倒好。
The Son of man indeed goeth, as it is written of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for that man if he had never been born.

14:22    他们吃的时候，耶稣拿起饼来，祝了福，就擘开递给他们说，你们拿着吃。这是我的身体。
And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brake it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body.

14:23    又拿起杯来，祝谢了，递给他们。他们都喝了。
And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it.

14:24    耶稣说，这是我立约的血，为多人流出来的。
And he said unto them, This is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many.

14:25    我实在告诉你们，我不再喝这葡萄汁，直到我在神的国里，喝新的那日子。
Verily I say unto you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God.

14:26    他们唱了诗，就出来，往橄榄山去。
And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.

14:27    耶稣对他们说，你们都要跌倒了。因为经上记着说，我要击打牧人，羊就分散了。
And Jesus saith unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered.

14:28    但我复活以后，要在你们以先往加利利去。
But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee.

14:29    彼得说，众人随然跌倒，我总不能。
But Peter said unto him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I.

14:30    耶稣对他说，我实在告诉你，就在今天夜里，鸡叫两遍以先，你要三次不认我。
And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice.

14:31    彼得却极力的说，我就是必须和你同死，也总不能不认你。众门徒都是这样说。
But he spake the more vehemently, If I should die with thee, I will not deny thee in any wise. Likewise also said they all.

14:32    他们来到一个地方，名叫客西马尼。耶稣对门徒说，你们坐在这里，等我祷告。
And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray.

14:33    于是带着彼得，雅各，约翰同去，就惊恐起来，极其难过。
And he taketh with him Peter and James and John, and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy;

14:34    对他们说，我心里甚是忧伤，几乎要死。你们在这里，等候儆醒。
And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch.

14:35    他就稍往前走，俯伏在地祷告说，倘若可行，便叫那时候过去。
And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him.

14:36    他说，阿爸，父阿，在你凡事都能。求你将这杯撤去。然而不要从我的意思，只要从你的意思。
And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt.

14:37    耶稣回来，见他们睡着了，就对彼得说，西门，你睡觉吗，不能儆醒片时吗。
And he cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, Simon, sleepest thou? couldest not thou watch one hour?

14:38    总要儆醒祷告，免得入了迷惑。你们心灵固然愿意，肉体却软弱了。
Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak.

14:39    耶稣又去祷告，说的话还是与先前一样。
And again he went away, and prayed, and spake the same words.

14:40    又来见他们睡着了，因为他们的眼睛甚是困倦。他们也不知道怎吗回答。
And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither wist they what to answer him.

14:41    第三次来，对他们说，现在你们仍然睡觉安歇吧。（吧或作吗）够了，时候到了。看哪，人子被卖在罪人手里了。
And he cometh the third time, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.

14:42    起来，我们走吧。看哪，那卖我的人近了。
Rise up, let us go; lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand.

14:43    说话之间，忽然那十二个门徒里的犹大来了，并有许多人带着刀棒，从祭司长和文士并长老那里与他同来。
And immediately, while he yet spake, cometh Judas, one of the twelve, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders.

14:44    卖耶稣的人曾给他们一个暗号，说，我与谁亲嘴，谁就是他。你们把他拿住，牢牢靠靠的带去。
And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely.

14:45    犹大来了，随既到耶稣跟前说，拉比，便与他亲嘴。
And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him.

14:46    他们就下手拿住他。
And they laid their hands on him, and took him.

14:47    旁边站着的人，有一个拔出刀来，将大祭司的仆人砍了一刀，削掉了他一个耳朵。
And one of them that stood by drew a sword, and smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.

14:48    耶稣对他们说，你们带着刀棒，出来拿我，如同拿强盗吗。
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Are ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and with staves to take me?

14:49    我天天教训人，同你们在殿里，你们并没有拿我。但这事成就，为要应验经上的话。
I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and ye took me not: but the scriptures must be fulfilled.

14:50    门徒都离开他逃走了。
And they all forsook him, and fled.

14:51    有一个少年人，赤身披着一块麻布，跟随耶稣，众人就捉拿他。
And there followed him a certain young man, having a linen cloth cast about his naked body; and the young men laid hold on him:

14:52    他却丢了麻布，赤身逃走了。
And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.

14:53    他们把耶稣带到大祭司那里。又有众祭司长和长老并文士，都来和大祭司一同聚集。
And they led Jesus away to the high priest: and with him were assembled all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes.

14:54    彼得远远的跟着耶稣，一直进入大祭司的院里，和差役一同坐在火光里烤火。
And Peter followed him afar off, even into the palace of the high priest: and he sat with the servants, and warmed himself at the fire.

14:55    祭司和全公会寻梢见证控告耶稣，要治死他。却寻不着。
And the chief priests and all the council sought for witness against Jesus to put him to death; and found none.

14:56    因为有好些人作假见证告他，只是他们的见证，各不相和。
For many bare false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together.

14:57    又有几个人站起来，作假见证告他说，
And there arose certain, and bare false witness against him, saying,

14:58    我们听见他说，我要拆毁这人手所造的殿，三日内就另造一座不是人手所造的。
We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands.

14:59    他们就这样作见证，也是各不相合。
But neither so did their witness agree together.

14:60    大祭司起来，站在中间，问耶稣说，你什么都不回答吗。这些人作见证告你的是什么呢。
And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?

14:61    耶稣却不言语，一句也不回答。大祭司又问他说，你是那当称颂者的儿子基督不是。
But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?

14:62    耶稣说，我是。你们必看见人子，坐在那权能者的右边，驾着天上的云降临。
And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.

14:63    大祭司就撕开衣服，说，我们何必再用见证人呢。
Then the high priest rent his clothes, and saith, What need we any further witnesses?

14:64    你们已经听见他这僭妄的话了。你们的意见如何。他们都定他该死的罪。
Ye have heard the blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.

14:65    就有人吐唾沫在他脸上，又蒙着他的脸，用拳头打他，对他说，你说预言吧。差役接过他来用手掌打他。
And some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to buffet him, and to say unto him, Prophesy: and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands.

14:66    彼得在下边，院子里，来了大祭司的一个使女。
And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest:

14:67    见彼得烤火，就看着他说，你素来也是同拿撒勒人耶稣一夥的。
And when she saw Peter warming himself, she looked upon him, and said, And thou also wast with Jesus of Nazareth.

14:68    彼得却不承认，说，我不知道，也不明白你说的是什么。于是出来，到了前院。鸡就叫了。
But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what thou sayest. And he went out into the porch; and the cock crew.

14:69    那使女看见他，又对旁边站着的人说，这也是他们一党的。
And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood by, This is one of them.

14:70    彼得又不承认。过了不多的时候，旁边站着的人又对彼得说，你真是他们一党的。因为你是加利利人。
And he denied it again. And a little after, they that stood by said again to Peter, Surely thou art one of them: for thou art a Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth thereto.

14:71    彼得就发咒起誓的说，我不认得你们说的这个人。
But he began to curse and to swear, saying, I know not this man of whom ye speak.

14:72    立时鸡叫了第二遍。彼得想起耶稣对他所说的话，鸡叫两遍以先，你要三次不认我。思想起来，就哭了。
And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind the word that Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


15:1    一到早晨，祭司长和长老文士全公会的人大家商议，就把耶稣捆绑解去，交给彼拉多。
And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate.

15:2    彼拉多问他说，你是犹太人的王吗。耶稣回答说，你说的是。
And Pilate asked him, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answering said unto him, Thou sayest it.

15:3    祭司长告他许多的事。
And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing.

15:4    彼拉多又问他说，你看，他们告你这吗多的事，你什么都不回答吗。
And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answerest thou nothing? behold how many things they witness against thee.

15:5    耶稣仍不回答，以致彼拉多觉得希奇。
But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.

15:6    每逢这节期，巡抚照众人所求的，释放一个囚犯给他们。
Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired.

15:7    有一个人名叫巴拉巴，和作乱的人一同捆绑。他们作乱的时后，曾杀过人。
And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection.

15:8    众人上去求巡抚，照常例给他们办。
And the multitude crying aloud began to desire him to do as he had ever done unto them.

15:9    彼拉多说，你们要我释放犹太人的王给你们吗。
But Pilate answered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews?

15:10    他原晓得祭司长是因为嫉妒才把耶稣解了来。
For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.

15:11    只是祭司长挑唆众人，宁可释放巴拉巴给他们。
But the chief priests moved the people, that he should rather release Barabbas unto them.

15:12    彼拉多又说，那吗样你们所称为犹太人的王，我怎吗办他呢。
And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?

15:13    他们又喊着说，把他钉十字架。
And they cried out again, Crucify him.

15:14    彼拉多说，为什么呢，他作了什么恶事呢。他们便极力的喊着说，把他钉十字架。
Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingly, Crucify him.

15:15    彼拉多要叫众人喜悦，就释放巴拉巴给他们，将耶稣鞭打了，交给人钉十字架。
And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified.

15:16    兵丁把耶稣带进衙门院里。叫齐了全营的兵。
And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.

15:17    他们给他穿上紫袍，又用荆棘编作冠冕给他戴上。
And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,

15:18    就厌贺他说，恭喜犹太人的王阿。
And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!

15:19    又拿一根苇子，打他的头，吐唾沫在他脸上屈膝拜他。
And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.

15:20    戏弄完了，就给他脱了紫袍，仍穿上他自己的衣服，带他出去，要钉十字架。
And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.

15:21    有一个古利奈人西门，就是亚历山大和鲁孚的父亲，从乡下来，经过那地方。他们就勉强他同去，好背着耶稣的十字架。
And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.

15:22    他们带耶稣到了各各他地方，（各各他翻出来，就是髑髅地）
And they bring him unto the place Golgotha, which is, being interpreted, The place of a skull.

15:23    拿没药调和的酒给耶稣，他却不受。
And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not.

15:24    于是将他钉在十字架上，拈阄分他的衣服，看是谁得什么。
And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots upon them, what every man should take.

15:25    他在十字架上，是巳初的时候。
And it was the third hour, and they crucified him.

15:26    在上面有他的罪状，写的是犹太人的王。
And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.

15:27    他们又把两个强盗，和他同钉十字架。一个在右边，一个在左边。（有古卷在此有
And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.

15:28    这就应了经上的话说，他被列在罪犯之中）
And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors.

15:29    从那里经过的人辱骂他，摇着头说，咳，你这拆毁圣殿，三日又建造起来的。
And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,

15:30    可以救自己从十字架上下来吧。
Save thyself, and come down from the cross.

15:31    祭司长和文士也是这样戏弄他，彼此说，他就了别人，不能救自己。
Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.

15:32    以色列的王基督，现在可以从十字架上下来，叫我们看见，就信了。那和他同钉的人也是讥诮他。
Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.

15:33    从午正到申初遍地都黑暗了。
And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.

15:34    申初的时候，耶稣大声喊着说，以罗伊，以罗伊，拉马撒巴各大尼。翻出来，就是，我的神，我的神，为什么离弃我。
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

15:35    旁边站着的人，有的听见就说，看哪，他叫以利亚呢。
And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he calleth Elias.

15:36    有一个人跑去，把海绒蘸满了醋，绑在苇子上，送给他喝，说，且等着，看以利亚来不来把他取下。
And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.

15:37    耶稣大声喊叫，气就断了。
And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.

15:38    殿里的幔子，从上到下裂为两半。
And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom.

15:39    对面站着的百夫长，看见耶稣这样喊叫断气，（有古卷无喊叫二字）就说，这人真是神的儿子。
And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.

15:40    还有些妇女，远远的观看。内中有抹大拉的马利亚，又有小雅各和约西的母亲马利亚，并有撒罗米。
There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;

15:41    就是耶稣在加利利的时候，跟随他，服事他的那些人，还有同耶稣上耶路撒冷的好些妇女在那里观看。
(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem.

15:42    到了晚上，因为这是豫备日，就是安息日的前一日，
And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,

15:43    有亚利马太的约瑟前来，他是尊贵的议士，也是等候神国的。他放胆进去见彼拉多，求耶稣的身礼。
Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus.

15:44    彼拉多诧异耶稣已经死了。便叫百夫长来，问他耶稣死了久不久。
And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead: and calling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.

15:45    既从百夫长得知实情，就把耶稣的尸首赐给约瑟。
And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.

15:46    约瑟买了细麻布，把耶稣取下来，用细麻布裹好，安放在磐石凿出来的坟墓里。又辊过一个石头来挡住墓门。
And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre.

15:47    抹大拉的马利亚，和约西的母亲马利亚。都看见安放他的地方。
And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid.




新约 -- 马可福音(Mark) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


16:1    过了安息日，抹大拉的马利亚，和雅各的母亲马利亚，并撒罗米，买了香膏，要去膏耶稣的身体。
And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.

16:2    七日的第一日清早，出太阳的时候，他们来到坟墓那里。
And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.

16:3    彼此说，谁给我们把石头从墓门辊开呢。
And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?

16:4    那石头原来很大，他们抬头一看，却见石头已经辊开了。
And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.

16:5    他们进了坟墓，看见一个少年人坐在右边，穿着白袍。就甚惊恐。
And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.

16:6    那少年人对他们说，不要惊恐。你们寻梢那钉十字架的拿撒勒人耶稣。他已经复活了，不在这里。请看安放他的地方。
And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

16:7    你们可以去告诉他的门徒和彼得说，他在你们以先往加利利去。在那里你们要见他，正如他从前所告诉你们的。
But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

16:8    他们就出来，从坟墓那里逃跑。又发抖，又惊奇，什么也不告诉人。因为他们害怕。
And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.

16:9    在七日的第一日清早，耶稣复活了，就先向抹大拉的马利亚显现。耶稣从他身上曾赶出七个鬼。
Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.

16:10    他去告诉那向来跟随耶稣的人。那时他们正哀恸哭泣。
And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.

16:11    他们听见耶稣活了，被马利亚看见，却是不信。
And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.

16:12    这事以后，门徒中间有两个人，往乡下去。走路的时候，耶稣变了形像向他们显现，
After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.

16:13    他们就去告诉其馀的门徒。其馀的门徒，也是不信。
And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them.

16:14    后来，十一个门徒坐席的时候，耶稣向他们显现，责备他们不信，心里刚硬。因为他们不信那些在他复活以后看见他的人。
Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.

16:15    他又对他们说，你们往普天下去，传福音给万民听。（万民原文作凡受造的）
And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

16:16    信而受洗的必然得救。不信的必被定罪。
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

16:17    信的人必有神迹随着他们，就是奉我的名赶鬼。说新方言。
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

16:18    手能拿蛇。若喝了什么毒物，也必不受害。手按病人，病人就必好了。
They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

16:19    主耶稣和他们说完了话，后来被接到天上，坐在神的右边。
So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.

16:20    门徒出去，到处宣传福音，主和他们同工，用神迹随着，证实所传的道。阿们。
And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.






新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　


1:1    提阿非罗大人哪，有好些人提笔作书，
Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,

1:2    *述说在我们中间所成就的事，是照传道的人，从起初亲眼看见，又传给我们的
Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;

1:3    这些事我既从起头都详细考察了，就定意要按着次序写给你，
It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,

1:4    使你知道所学之道都是确实的。
That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.

1:5    当犹太王希律的时候，亚比雅班里有一个祭司，名叫撒迦利亚。他妻子是亚伦的后人，名叫伊利莎白。
There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.

1:6    他们二人，在神面前都是义人，遵行主的一切诫命礼仪，没有可指摘的。
And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.

1:7    只是没有孩子，因为伊利莎白不生育，两个人又年纪老迈了。
And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.

1:8    撒迦利亚按班次，在神前面供祭司的职分，
And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest's office before God in the order of his course,

1:9    照祭司的规矩掣签，得进主殿烧香。
According to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.

1:10    烧香的时后，众百姓在外面祷告。
And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.

1:11    有主的使者站在香坛的右边，向他显现。
And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense.

1:12    撒迦利亚看见，就惊慌害怕。
And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him.

1:13    天使对他说，撒迦利亚，不要害怕。因为你的祈祷已经被听见了，你的妻子伊利莎白要给你生一个儿子，你要给他起名叫约翰。
But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John.

1:14    你必喜欢快乐，有许多人因他出世，也必喜乐。
And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.

1:15    他在主面前将要为大，淡酒浓酒都不喝，从母腹里就被圣灵充满了。
For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.

1:16    他要使许多以色列人回转，归于他们的神。
And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.

1:17    他必有以利亚的心志能力，行在主的前面，叫为父的心转向儿女，叫悖逆的人转从义人的智慧。又为主豫备合用的百姓。
And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.

1:18    撒迦利亚对天使说，我凭着什么可知道这事呢，我已经老了，我的妻子也年纪老迈了。
And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.

1:19    天使回答说，我是站在神面前的加百列，奉差而来，对你说话，将这好信息报给你。
And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.

1:20    到了时候，这话必然应验。只因你不信，你必哑吧不能说话，直到这事成就的日子。
And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.

1:21    百姓等候撒迦利亚，诧异他许久在殿里。
And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the temple.

1:22    及至他出来，不能和他们说话。他们知道他在殿里见了异象。因为他直向他们打手式，竟成了哑吧。
And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless.

1:23    他供职的日子已满，就回家去了。
And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house.

1:24    这些日子以后，他的妻子伊利莎白怀了孕，就隐藏了五个月，
And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,

1:25    说，主在眷顾我的日子，这样看待我，要把我在人间的羞耻除掉。
Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men.

1:26    到了第六个月，天使加百列奉神的差遣，往加利利的一座城去，这城名叫拿撒勒。
And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,

1:27    到一个童女那里，是已经许配大卫家的一个人，名叫约瑟，童女的名字叫马利亚。
To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name was Mary.

1:28    天使进去，对他说，蒙大恩的女子，我问你安，主和你同在了。
And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.

1:29    马利亚因这话就很惊慌，又反复思想这样问安是什么意思。
And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.

1:30    天使对他说，马利亚不要怕。你在神面前已经蒙恩了。
And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.

1:31    你要怀孕生子，可以给他起名叫耶稣。
And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.

1:32    他要为大，称为至高者的儿子。主神要把他祖大卫的位给他。
He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:

1:33    他要作雅各家的王，直到永远。他的国也没有穷尽。
And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.

1:34    马利亚对天使说，我没有出嫁，怎吗有这事呢。
Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?

1:35    天使回答说，圣灵要临到你身上，至高者的能力要荫庇你。因此所要生的圣者，必称为神的儿子。（或作所要生的必称为圣称为神的儿子）
And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.

1:36    况且你的亲戚伊利莎白，在年老的时候，也怀了男胎。就是那素来称为不生育的，现在有孕六个月了。
And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.

1:37    因为出于神的话，没有一句不带能力的。
For with God nothing shall be impossible.

1:38    马利亚说，我是主的使女，情愿照你的话成就在我身上。天使就离开他去了。
And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her.

1:39    那时候马利亚起身，急忙往山地里去，来到犹大的一座城。
And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;

1:40    进了撒迦利亚的家，问伊利莎白安。
And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth.

1:41    伊利莎白一听马利亚问安，所怀的胎就在腹里跳动，伊利莎白且圣灵充满。
And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:

1:42    高声喊着说，你在妇女中是有福的，你所怀的胎也是有福的。
And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.

1:43    我主的母到我这里来，这是从那里得的呢。
And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?

1:44    因为你问安的声音，一入我耳，我腹里的胎，就欢喜跳动。
For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy.

1:45    这相信的女子是有福的。因为主对他所说的话，都要应验。
And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord.

1:46    马利亚说，我心尊主为大，
And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,

1:47    我灵以神我的救主为乐。
And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.

1:48    因为他顾念他使女的卑微。从今以后，万代要称我有福。
For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.

1:49    那有权能的为我成就了大事。他的名为圣。
For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy is his name.

1:50    他怜悯敬畏他的人，直到世世代代。
And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation.

1:51    他用膀臂施展大能。那狂傲的人，正心里妄想，就被他赶散了。
He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts.

1:52    他叫有权柄的失位，叫卑贱的升高。
He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.



1:53    叫饥饿的得饱美食，叫富足的空手回去。
He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away.

1:54    他扶助了他的仆人以色列，
He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of his mercy;

1:55    为要记念亚伯拉罕和他的后裔，施怜悯，直到永远，正如从前对我们列祖所说的话。
As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever.

1:56    马利亚和伊利莎白同住，约有三个月，就回家了。
And Mary abode with her about three months, and returned to her own house.

1:57    伊利莎白的产期到了，就生了一个儿子。
Now Elisabeth's full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son.

1:58    邻里亲族，听见主向他大施怜悯，就和他一同欢乐。
And her neighbours and her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced with her.

1:59    到了第八日，他们来要给孩子行割礼。并要照他父亲的名字，叫他撒迦利亚。
And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father.

1:60    他母亲说，不可。要叫他约翰。
And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John.

1:61    他们说，你亲族中没有叫这名字的。
And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name.

1:62    他们就向他父亲打手式，问他要叫这孩子什么名字。
And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called.

1:63    他要了一块写字的板，就写上说，他的名字是约翰。他们便都希奇。
And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled all.

1:64    撒迦利亚的口立时开了，舌头也舒展了，就说出话来，称颂神。
And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God.

1:65    周围居住的人都惧怕，这一切的事就传遍了犹太的山地。
And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.

1:66    凡听见的人，都将这事放在心里，说，这个孩子，将来怎吗样呢。因为有主与他同在。
And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him.

1:67    他父亲撒迦利亚，被圣灵充满了，就预言说，
And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,

1:68    主以色列的神，是应当称颂的。因他眷顾他的百姓，为他们施行救赎。
Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,

1:69    在他仆人大卫家中，为我们兴起了拯救的角，
And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David;

1:70    （正如主藉着从创世以来，圣先知的口所说的话）
As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:

1:71    拯救我们脱离仇敌，和一切恨我们之人的手。
That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;

1:72    向我们列祖施怜悯，记念他的圣约。
To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;

1:73    就是他对我们祖宗亚伯拉罕所起的誓，
The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,

1:74    叫我们既从仇敌手中被救出来，
That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,

1:75    就可以终身在他面前，坦然无惧的用圣洁公义事奉他。
In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.

1:76    孩子阿，你要称为至高者的先知。因为你要行在主的前面，豫备他的道路。
And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways;

1:77    叫他的百姓因罪得赦，就知到救恩。
To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins,

1:78    因我们神怜悯的心肠，叫清晨的日光从高天临到我们，
Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us,

1:79    要照亮黑暗中死荫里的人。把我们的脚引到平安的路上。
To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace.

1:80    那孩子渐渐长大，心灵强健，住在旷野，直到他显明在以色列人面前的日子。
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


2:1    当那些日子，凯撒奥古斯都有旨下来，叫天下人民都报名上册。
And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed.

2:2    这是居里扭作叙利亚巡抚的时候，头一次行报名上册的事。
(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)

2:3    众人各归各城，报名上册。
And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.

2:4    约瑟也从加利利的拿撒勒城上犹太去，到了大卫的城，名叫伯利恒，因他本是大卫一族一家的人。
And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)

2:5    要和他所聘之妻马利亚，一同报名上册。那时马利亚的身孕已经重了。
To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.

2:6    他们在那里的时候，马利亚的产期到了。
And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.

2:7    就生了头胎的儿子，用布包起来，放在马槽里，因为客店里没有地方。
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.

2:8    在伯利恒之野地里有牧羊人，夜间按着更次看守羊群。
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.

2:9    有主的使者站在他们旁边，主的荣光四面照着他们。牧羊的人就甚惧怕。
And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.

2:10    那天使对他们说，不要惧怕，我报给你们大喜的信息，是关乎万民的。
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.

2:11    因今天在大卫的城里，为你们生了救主，就是主基督。
For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.

2:12    你们要看见一个婴孩，包着布，卧在马槽里，那就是记号了。
And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.

2:13    忽然有一大队天兵，同那天使赞美神说，
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,

2:14    在至高之处荣耀归与神，在地上平安归与他所喜悦的人。（有古卷作喜悦归与人）。
Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.

2:15    众天使离开他们升天去了，牧羊的人彼此说，我们往伯利恒去，看看所成的事，就是主所指示我们的。
And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.

2:16    他们急忙去了，就寻见马利亚和约瑟，又有那婴孩卧在马槽里。
And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.

2:17    既然看见，就把天使论这孩子的话传开了。
And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.

2:18    凡听见的，就诧异牧羊人对他们所说的话。
And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.

2:19    马利亚却把这一切事存在心里，反复思想。
But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.

2:20    牧羊的人回去了，因所听见所看见的一切事，正如天使向他们所说的，就归荣耀与神，赞美他。
And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.

2:21    满了八天，就给孩子行割礼，与他起名叫耶酥，这就是没有成胎以前，天使所起的名。
And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.

2:22    按摩西律法满了洁净日子，他们带着孩子上耶路撒冷去，要把他献与主。
And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;

2:23    （正如主的律法上所记，凡头生的男子，必称圣归主。）
(As it is written in the law of the LORD, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)

2:24    又要照主的律法上所说，或用一对班鸠，或用两只雏鸽献祭。
And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.

2:25    在耶路撒冷有一个人名叫西面，这人又公义又虔诚，素常盼望以色列的安慰者来到，又有圣灵在他身上。
And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.

2:26    他得了圣灵的启示，知道自己未死以前，必看见主所立的基督。
And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

2:27    他受了圣灵的感动，进入圣殿。正遇见耶稣的父母抱着孩子进来，要照律法的规矩办理。
And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,

2:28    西面就用手接过他来，称颂神说，
Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,

2:29    主阿，如今可以照你的话，释放仆人安然去世。
Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

2:30    因为我的眼睛已经看见你的救恩。
For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

2:31    就是你在万民面前所豫备的。
Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;

2:32    是照亮外邦人的光，又是你民以色列的荣耀。
A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.

2:33    孩子的父母，因这论耶稣的话就希奇。
And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him.

2:34    西面给他们祝福，
And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;

2:35    又对孩子的母亲马利亚说，这孩子被立，是要叫以色列中许多人跌倒，许多人兴起。又要作毁谤的话柄。叫许多人心里的意念显露出来。你自己的心也要被刀刺透。
(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.

2:36    又有女先知名叫亚拿，是亚设支派法内力的女儿，年纪已经老迈，从作童女出嫁的时候，同丈夫住了七年，就寡居了。
And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;

2:37    现在已经八十四岁，（或作就寡居了八十四年）并不离开圣殿，禁食祈求，昼夜事奉神。
And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.

2:38    正当那时，他进来称谢神，将孩子的事，对一切盼望耶路撒冷得救赎的人讲说。
And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.

2:39    约瑟和马利亚，照主的律法，办完了一切的事，就回加利利，到自己的城拿撒勒去了。
And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth.

2:40    孩子渐渐长大，强健起来，充满智慧。又有神的恩在他身上。
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.

2:41    每年到逾越节，他父母就上耶路撒冷去。
Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.

2:42    当他十二岁的时候，他们按着节期的规矩上去。
And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast.

2:43    守满了节期，他们回去，孩童的耶稣仍旧在耶路撒冷。他的父母并不知道。
And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not of it.

2:44    以为他在同行的人中间，走了一天的路程，就在亲族和熟识的人中找他。
But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance.

2:45    既找不着，就回耶路撒冷去找他。
And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.

2:46    过了三天，就遇见他在殿里，坐在教师中间，一面听，一面问。
And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.

2:47    凡听见他的，都希奇他的聪明，和他的应对。
And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.

2:48    他父母看见就很希奇。他母亲对他说，我儿，为什么向我们这样行呢。看哪，你父亲和我伤心来找你。
And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.

2:49    耶稣说，为什么找我呢。岂不知我应当以我父的事为念吗。（或作岂不知我应当在我父的家里吗）
And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?

2:50    他所说的这话，他们不明白。
And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them.

2:51    他就同他们下去，回到拿撒勒。并且顺从他们。他母亲把这一切的事都存在心里。
And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.

2:52    耶稣的智慧和身量，（身量或作年纪）并神和人喜爱他的心，都一齐增长。
And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


3:1    凯撒提庇留在位第十五年，本丢彼拉多作犹太巡抚，希律作加利利分封的王，他兄弟腓力作以土利亚和特拉可尼地方分封的王，吕撒聂作亚比利尼分封的王，
Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,

3:2    亚那和该亚法作大祭司，那时，撒迦利亚的儿子约翰在旷野里，神的话临到他。
Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.

3:3    他就来到约旦河一带地方，宣讲悔改的洗礼，使罪得赦。
And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins;

3:4    正如先知以赛亚书上所记的话，说，在旷野有人声喊着说，豫备主的道，修直他的路。
As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

3:5    一切山洼都要填满，大小山冈都要削平。弯弯曲曲的地方要改为正直，高高低低的道路要改为平坦。
Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;

3:6    凡是血气的，都要见神的救恩。
And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.

3:7    约翰对那出来要受他洗的众人说，毒蛇的种类，谁指示你们逃避将来的忿怒呢。
Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?

3:8    你们要结出果子来，与悔改的心向称，不要自己心里说，有亚伯拉罕为我们的祖宗。我告诉你们，神能从这些石头中，给亚伯拉罕兴起子孙来。
Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

3:9    现在斧子已经放在树根上，凡不结好果子的树，就砍下来丢在火里。
And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

3:10    众人问他说，这样我们当作什么呢。
And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?

3:11    约翰回答说，有两件衣裳的，就分给那没有的。有食物的也当这样行。
He answereth and saith unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.

3:12    又有税吏来受洗，问他说，夫子，我们当作什么呢。
Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?

3:13    约翰说，除了例定的数目，不要多取。
And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.

3:14    又有兵丁问他说，我们当作什么呢。约翰说，不要以强暴待人，也不要讹诈人，自己有钱粮就当知足。
And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.

3:15    百姓指望基督来的时候，人都心猜疑，或者约翰是基督。
And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;

3:16    约翰说，我是用水给你们施洗，但有一位能力比我更大的要来，我就是给他解鞋带也不配。他要用圣灵与火给你们施洗。
John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:

3:17    他手里拿着簸箕，要扬净他的场，把麦子收在仓里，把糠用不灭的火烧尽了。
Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.

3:18    约翰又用许多别的话劝百姓，向他们传福音。
And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.

3:19    只是分封的王希律，因他兄弟之妻希罗底的缘故，并因他所行的一切恶事，受了约翰的责备，
But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,

3:20    又另外添了一件，就是把约翰收在监里。
Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.

3:21    众百姓都受了洗，耶稣也受了洗，正祷告的时候，天就开了，
Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,

3:22    圣灵降临在他身上，形状妨佛鸽子。又有声音从天上来，说，你是我的爱子，我喜悦你。
And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.

3:23    耶稣开头传道，年纪约有三十岁，依人看来，他是约瑟的儿子，约瑟是希里的儿子，
And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,

3:24    希里是玛塔的儿子，玛塔是利未的儿子，利未是麦基的儿子，麦基是雅拿的儿子，雅拿是约瑟的儿子。
Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph,

3:25    约瑟是玛他提亚的儿子，玛他提亚是亚摩斯的儿子，亚摩斯是拿鸿的儿子，拿鸿是以斯利的儿子，以斯利是拿该的儿子，
Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge,

3:26    拿该是玛押的儿子，玛押是玛他提亚的儿子，玛他提亚是西美的儿子，西美是约瑟的儿子，约瑟是犹大的儿子，犹大是约亚拿的儿子，
Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda,

3:27    约亚拿是利撒的儿子，利撒是所罗巴伯的儿子，所罗巴伯是撒拉铁的儿子，撒拉铁是尼利的儿子，尼利是麦基的儿子，
Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri,

3:28    麦基是亚底的儿子，亚底是哥桑的儿子，哥桑是以摩当的儿子，以摩当是珥的儿子，珥是约细的儿子，
Which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Addi, which was the son of Cosam, which was the son of Elmodam, which was the son of Er,

3:29    约细是以利以谢的儿子，以利以谢是约令的儿子，约令是玛塔的儿子，玛塔是利未的儿子，
Which was the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of Jorim, which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi,

3:30    利未是西缅的儿子，西缅是犹大的儿子，犹大是约瑟的儿子，约瑟是约南的儿子，约南是以利亚敬的儿子，
Which was the son of Simeon, which was the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim,

3:31    以利亚敬是米利亚的儿子，米利亚是买南的儿子，买南是玛达他的儿子，玛达他是拿单的儿子，拿单是大卫的儿子，
Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David,

3:32    大卫是耶西的儿子，耶西是俄备得的儿子，俄备得是波阿斯的儿子，波阿斯是撒门的儿子，撒门是拿顺的儿子，
Which was the son of Jesse, which was the son of Obed, which was the son of Booz, which was the son of Salmon, which was the son of Naasson,

3:33    拿顺是亚米拿达的儿子，亚米拿达是亚兰的儿子，亚兰是希斯仑的儿子，希斯仑是法勒斯的儿子，法勒斯是犹大的儿子，
Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which was the son of Esrom, which was the son of Phares, which was the son of Juda,

3:34    犹大是雅各的儿子，雅各是以撒的儿子，以撒是亚伯拉罕的儿子，亚伯拉罕是他拉的儿子，他拉是拿鹤的儿子，
Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,

3:35    拿鹤是西鹿的儿子，西鹿是拉吴的儿子，拉吴是法勒的儿子，法勒是希伯的儿子，希伯是沙拉的儿子，
Which was the son of Saruch, which was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, which was the son of Sala,

3:36    沙拉是该南的儿子，该南是亚法撒的儿子，亚法撒是闪的儿子，闪是挪亚的儿子，挪亚是拉麦的儿子，
Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech,

3:37    拉麦是玛土撒拉的儿子，玛土撒拉是以诺的儿子，以诺是雅列的儿子，雅列是玛勒列的儿子，玛勒列是该南的儿子，该南是以挪士的儿子，
Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son of Enoch, which was the son of Jared, which was the son of Maleleel, which was the son of Cainan,

3:38    以挪士是塞特的儿子，塞特是亚当的儿子，亚当是神的儿子。
Which was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


4:1    耶稣被圣灵充满，从约旦河回来，圣灵将他引到旷野，四十天受魔鬼的试探。
And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness,

4:2    那些日子没有吃什吗。日子满了，他就饿了。
Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.

4:3    魔鬼对他说，你若是神的儿子，可以吩咐这块石头变成食物。
And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

4:4    耶稣回答说，经上记着说，人活着不是单靠食物，乃是靠神口里所出的一切话
And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

4:5    魔鬼又领他上了高山，霎时间把天下的万国都指给他看。
And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

4:6    对他说，这一切权柄荣华，我都要给你。因为这原是交付我的，我愿意给谁就给谁。
And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

4:7    你若在我面前下拜，这都要归你。
If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

4:8    耶稣说，经上记着说，当拜主你的神，单要事奉他。
And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

4:9    魔鬼又领他到耶路撒冷去，叫他站在殿顶上，（顶原文作翅）对他说，你若是神的儿子，可以从这里跳下去。
And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

4:10    因为经上记着说，主要为你吩咐他的使者保护你。
For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:

4:11    他们要用手托着你，免得你的脚碰在石头上。
And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

4:12    耶稣对他说，经上说，不可试探主你的神。
And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

4:13    魔鬼用完了各样的试探，就暂时离开耶稣。
And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season.

4:14    耶稣满有圣灵的能力回到加利利，他的名声就传遍了四方。
And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about.

4:15    他在各会堂里教训人，众人都称赞他。
And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all.

4:16    耶稣来到拿撒勒，就是他长大的地方。在安息日，照他平常的规矩，进了会堂，站起来要念圣经。
And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.

4:17    有人把先知以赛亚的书交给他，他就打开，找到一处写着说，
And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,

4:18    主的灵在我身上，因为他用膏膏我，叫我传福音给贫穷的人。差遣我报告被掳的得释放，瞎眼的得看见，叫那受压制的得自由，
The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,

4:19    报告神悦纳人的禧年。
To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.

4:20    于是把书卷起来，交还执事，就坐下。会堂里的人都定睛看他。
And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.

4:21    耶稣对他们说，今天这经应验在你们耳中了。
And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.

4:22    众人都称赞他，并希奇他口中所出的恩言。又说，这不是约瑟的儿子吗。
And all bare him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. And they said, Is not this Joseph's son?

4:23    耶稣对他们说，你们必引这俗语向我说，医生，你医治自己吧。我们听见你在迦百农所行的事，也当行在你自己家乡里。
And he said unto them, Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, Physician, heal thyself: whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in thy country.

4:24    又说，我实在告诉你们，没有先知在自己家乡被人悦纳的。
And he said, Verily I say unto you, No prophet is accepted in his own country.

4:25    我对你们说实话，当以利亚的时候，天闭塞了三年零六个月，偏地有大饥荒，那时，以色列中有许多寡妇。
But I tell you of a truth, many widows were in Israel in the days of Elias, when the heaven was shut up three years and six months, when great famine was throughout all the land;

4:26    以利亚并没有奉差往他们一个人那里去，只奉差往西顿的撒勒法，一个寡妇那里去。
But unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow.

4:27    先知以利沙的时候，以色列中有许多长大麻疯的。但内中除了叙利亚国的乃缦，没有一个得洁净的。
And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian.

4:28    会堂里的人听见这话，都怒气满胸。
And all they in the synagogue, when they heard these things, were filled with wrath,

4:29    就起来撵他出城，他们的城造在山上，他们带他到山崖，要把他推下去。
And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might cast him down headlong.

4:30    他却从他们中间直行，过去了。
But he passing through the midst of them went his way,

4:31    耶稣下到迦百农，就是加利利的一座城，在安息日教训众人。
And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.

4:32    他们很希奇他的教训，因为他的话里有权柄。
And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power.

4:33    在会堂里有一个人，被污鬼的精气附着，大声喊叫说，
And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice,

4:34    唉，拿撒勒的耶稣，我们与你有什吗相干，你来灭我们吗，我知道你是谁，乃是神的圣者。
Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.

4:35    耶稣责备他说，不要作声，从这人身上出来吧。鬼把那人摔倒在众人中间，就出来了，却也没有害他。
And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him, and hurt him not.

4:36    众人都惊讶，彼此对问说，这是什吗道理呢。因为他用权柄能力吩咐污鬼，污鬼就出来。
And they were all amazed, and spake among themselves, saying, What a word is this! for with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits, and they come out.

4:37    于是耶稣的名声传遍了周围地方。
And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about.

4:38    耶稣出了会堂，进了西门的家。西门的岳母害热病甚重。有人为他求耶稣。
And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him for her.

4:39    耶稣站在他旁边，斥责那热病，热就退了。他立刻起来服事他们。
And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered unto them.

4:40    日落的时候，凡有病人的，不论害什吗病，都带到耶稣那里。耶稣按手在他们各人身上，医好他们。
Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto him; and he laid his hands on every one of them, and healed them.

4:41    又有鬼从好些人身上出来，喊着说，你是神的儿子。耶稣斥责他们，不许他们说话，因为他们知道他是基督。
And devils also came out of many, crying out, and saying, Thou art Christ the Son of God. And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak: for they knew that he was Christ.

4:42    天亮的时候，耶稣出来，走到旷野地方。众人去找他，到了他那里，要留住他，不要他离开他们。
And when it was day, he departed and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them.

4:43    但耶稣对他们说，我也必须在别城传神国的福音。因我奉差原是为此。
And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent.

4:44    于是耶稣在加利利的各会堂传道。
And he preached in the synagogues of Galilee.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


5:1    耶稣站在革尼撒勒湖边，众人拥挤他，要听神的道。
And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,

5:2    他见有两只船湾在湖边。打鱼的人却离开船，洗网去了。
And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.

5:3    有一只船，是西门的，耶稣就上去，请他把船撑开，稍微离岸，就坐下，从船上教训众人。
And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.

5:4    讲完了，对西门说，把船开到水深之处，下网打鱼。
Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.

5:5    西门说，夫子，我们整夜劳力，并没有打着什么。但依从你的话，我就下网。
And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.

5:6    他们下了网，就圈住许多鱼，网险些裂开。
And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.

5:7    便招呼那只船上的同伴来帮助。他们就来把鱼装满了两只船，甚至船要沉下去。
And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.

5:8    西门彼得看见，就俯伏在耶稣膝前，说，主阿，离开我，我是个罪人。
When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord.

5:9    他和一切同在的人，都惊讶这一网所打的鱼。
For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken:

5:10    他的夥伴西庇太的儿子，雅各，约翰，也是这样。耶稣对西门说，不要怕，从今以后，你要得人了。
And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt catch men.

5:11    他们把两只船拢了岸，就撇下所有的跟从了耶稣。
And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.

5:12    有一回耶稣在一个城里，有人满身长了大麻疯，看见他就俯伏在地，求他说，主若肯，必能叫我洁净了。
And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.

5:13    耶稣伸手摸他说，我肯，你洁净了吧。大麻疯立刻就离了他的身。
And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.

5:14    耶稣嘱咐他，你切不可告诉人。只要去把身体给祭司察看，又要为你得了洁净，照摩西所吩咐的，献上礼物对众人作证据。
And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.

5:15    但耶稣的名声越发传扬出去。有极多的人聚集来听道，也指望医治他们的病。
But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.

5:16    耶稣却退到旷野去祷告。
And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed.

5:17    有一天耶稣教训人，有法利赛人和教法师在旁边坐着，他们是从加利利各乡村和犹太并耶路撒冷来的。主的能力与耶稣同在，使他能医治病人。
And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them.

5:18    有人用褥子抬着一个瘫子，要抬进去放在耶稣面前，
And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him.

5:19    却因人多，寻不出法子抬进去，就上了房顶，从瓦间把他连褥子缒到当中，正在耶稣面前。
And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus.

5:20    耶稣见他们的信心，就对瘫子说，你的罪赦了。
And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.

5:21    文士和法利赛人就议论说，这说僭妄话的是谁。除了神以外，谁能赦罪呢。
And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?

5:22    耶稣知道他们所议论的，就说，你们心里议论的是什么呢。
But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?

5:23    或说，你的罪赦了，或说，你起来行走，那一样容易呢。
Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?

5:24    但要叫你们知道人子在地上有赦罪的权柄，就对瘫子说，我吩咐你起来，拿你的褥子回家去吧。
But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.

5:25    那人当众人面前，立刻起来，拿着他躺卧的褥子回家去，归荣耀与神。
And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.

5:26    众人都惊奇，也归荣耀与神，并满心惧怕，说，我们今日看见非常的事了。
And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.

5:27    这事以后，耶稣出去，看见一个税吏，名叫利未，坐在税关上，就对他说，你跟从我来。
And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me.

5:28    他就撇下所有的，起来，跟从了耶稣。
And he left all, rose up, and followed him.

5:29    利未在自己家里，为耶稣大摆筵席。有许多税吏和别人，与他们一同坐席。
And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them.

5:30    法利赛人和文士，就向耶稣的门徒发怨言，说，你们为什么和税吏，并罪人，一同吃喝呢。
But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners?

5:31    耶稣对他们说，无病的人用不着医生。有病的人才用得着。
And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.

5:32    我来本不是召义人悔改。乃是召罪人悔改。
I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

5:33    他们说，约翰的门徒屡次禁食祈祷，法利赛人的门徒也是这样。惟独你的门徒又吃又喝。
And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink?

5:34    耶稣对他们说，新郎和陪伴之人同在的时候，岂能叫陪伴之人禁食呢。
And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them?

5:35    但日子将到，新郎要离开他们，那日他们就要禁食了。
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.

5:36    耶稣又设一个比喻，对他们说，没有人把新衣服撕下一块来，补在旧衣服上。若是这样，就把新的撕破了，并且所撕下来的那块新的，和旧的也不相称。
And he spake also a parable unto them; No man putteth a piece of a new garment upon an old; if otherwise, then both the new maketh a rent, and the piece that was taken out of the new agreeth not with the old.

5:37    也没有人把新酒装在旧皮袋里。若是这样，新酒必将皮袋裂开，酒便漏出来，皮袋也就坏了。
And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish.

5:38    但新酒必须装在新皮袋里。
But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved.

5:39    没有人喝了陈酒又想喝新的，他总说陈的好。
No man also having drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old is better.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


6:1    有一个安息日，耶稣从麦地经过。他的门徒掐了麦穗，用手搓着吃。
And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands.

6:2    有几个法利赛人说，你们为什么作安息日不可作的事呢。
And certain of the Pharisees said unto them, Why do ye that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath days?

6:3    耶稣对他们说，经上记着大卫和跟从他的人，饥饿之时所作的事，连这个你们也没有念过吗。
And Jesus answering them said, Have ye not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungred, and they which were with him;

6:4    他怎吗进了神的殿，拿陈设饼吃，又给跟从的人吃。这饼除了祭司以外，别人都不可吃。
How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?

6:5    又对他们说，人子是安息日的主。
And he said unto them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.

6:6    又有一个安息日，耶稣进了会堂教训人。在那里有一个人右手枯乾了。
And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered.

6:7    文士和法利赛人窥探耶稣，在安息日治病不治病。要得把柄去告他。
And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.

6:8    耶稣却知道他们的意念。就对那枯乾一只手的人说，起来，站在当中。那人就起来站着。
But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.

6:9    耶稣对他们说，我问你们，在安息日行善行恶，救命害命，那样是可以的呢。
Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?

6:10    他就周围看着他们众人，对那人说，伸出手来。他把手一伸，手就复了原。
And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.

6:11    他们就满心大怒，彼此商议，怎样处治耶稣。
And they were filled with madness; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus.

6:12    那时耶稣出去上山祷告。整夜祷告神。
And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.

6:13    到了天亮，叫他的门徒来。就从他们中间挑选十二个人，称他们为使徒。
And when it was day, he called unto him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles;

6:14    这十二个人有西门，耶稣又给他起名叫彼得，还有他兄弟安得烈，又有雅各和约翰，腓力和巴多罗买，
Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,

6:15    马太和多马，亚勒腓的儿子雅各，和奋锐党的西门，
Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes,

6:16    雅各的儿子犹大，（儿子或作兄弟）和卖主的加略人犹大。
And Judas the brother of James, and Judas Iscariot, which also was the traitor.

6:17    耶稣和他们下了山，站在一块平地上。同站的有许多门徒，又有许多百姓，从犹太全地，和耶路撒冷，并推罗西顿的海边来。都要听他讲道，又指望医治他们的病。
And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a great multitude of people out of all Judaea and Jerusalem, and from the sea coast of Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases;

6:18    还有被污鬼缠磨的，也得了医治。
And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed.

6:19    众人都想要摸他。因为有能力从他身上发出来，医好了他们。
And the whole multitude sought to touch him: for there went virtue out of him, and healed them all.

6:20    耶稣举目看着门徒说，你们贫穷的人有福了。因为神的国是你们的。
And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God.



6:21    你们饥饿的人有福了。因为你们将要饱足。你们哀哭的人有福了。因为你们将要喜笑。
Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh.

6:22    人为人子恨恶你们，拒绝你们，辱骂你们，弃掉你们的名，以为是恶，你们就有福了。
Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.

6:23    当那日你们要欢喜跳跃。因为你们在天上的赏赐是大的。他们的祖宗待先知也是这样。
Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets.

6:24    但你们富足的人有祸了。因为你们受过你们的安慰。
But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation.

6:25    你们饱足的人有祸了。因为你们将要饥饿。你们喜笑的人有祸了。因为你们将要哀恸哭泣。
Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.

6:26    人都说你们好的时候，你们就有祸了。因为他们的祖宗待假先知也是这样。
Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.

6:27    只是我告诉你们这听道的人，你们的仇敌要爱他，恨你们的要待他好。
But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,

6:28    咒诅你们的要为他祝福，凌辱你们的要为他祷告。
Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.

6:29    有人打你这边的脸，连那边的脸也由他打。有人夺你的外衣，连里衣也由他拿去。
And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that taketh away thy cloak forbid not to take thy coat also.

6:30    凡求你的，就给他。有人夺你的东西去，不用再要回来。
Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.

6:31    你们愿意人怎样待你们，你们也要怎样待人。
And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.

6:32    你们若单爱那爱你们的人，有什么可酬谢的呢。就是罪人也爱那爱他们的人。
For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those that love them.

6:33    你们若善待那善待你们的人，有什么可酬谢的呢。就是罪人也是这样行。
And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same.

6:34    你们若借给人，指望从他收回，有什么可酬谢的呢。就是罪人也借给罪人，要如数收回。
And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.

6:35    你们倒要爱仇敌，也要善待他们，并要借给人不指望偿还。你们的赏赐就必大了，你们也必作至高者的儿子。因为他恩待那忘恩的和作恶的。
But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.

6:36    你们要慈悲，像你们的父慈悲一样。
Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.

6:37    你们不要论断人，就不被论断。你们不要定人的罪，就不被定罪。你们要饶恕人，就必蒙饶恕。（饶恕原文作释放）
Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:

6:38    你们要给人，就必有给你们的。并且用十足的升斗，连摇带按，上尖下流的，倒在你们怀里。因为你们用什么量器量给人，也必用什么量器量给你们。
Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.

6:39    耶稣又用比喻对他们说，瞎子岂能领瞎子，两个人不是都要掉在坑里吗。
And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?

6:40    学生不能高过先生。凡学成了的不过和先生一样。
The disciple is not above his master: but every one that is perfect shall be as his master.

6:41    为什么看见你弟兄眼中有刺，却不想自己眼中有梁木呢。
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye?

6:42    你不见自己眼中有梁木。怎能对你弟兄说，容我去掉你眼中的刺呢。你这假冒为善的人，先去掉自己眼中的梁木，然后才能看得清楚，去掉你兄弟眼中的刺。
Either how canst thou say to thy brother, Brother, let me pull out the mote that is in thine eye, when thou thyself beholdest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote that is in thy brother's eye.

6:43    因为没有好树结坏果子。也没有坏树结好果子。
For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.

6:44    凡树木看果子，就可以认出他来。人不是从荆棘上摘无花果，也不是从蒺？？里摘葡萄。
For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes.

6:45    善人从他心里所存的善，就发出善来。恶人从他心里所存的恶，就发出恶来。因为心里所充满的，口里就说出来。
A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.

6:46    你们为什么称呼我主阿，主阿，却不遵我的话行呢。
And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?

6:47    凡到我这里来，听见我的话就去行的，我要告诉你们他像什么人。
Whosoever cometh to me, and heareth my sayings, and doeth them, I will shew you to whom he is like:

6:48    他像一个人盖房子，深深的挖地，把根基安在磐石上。到发大水的时候，水冲那房子，房子总不能摇动。因为根基立在磐石上。有古卷作因为盖造得好
He is like a man which built an house, and digged deep, and laid the foundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently upon that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded upon a rock.

6:49    惟有听见不去行的，就像一个人在土地上盖房子，没有根基。水一冲，随即倒塌了，并且那房子坏得很大。
But he that heareth, and doeth not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


7:1    耶稣对百姓讲完了这一切的话，就进了迦百农。
Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum.

7:2    有一个百夫长所宝贵的仆人，害病快要死了。
And a certain centurion's servant, who was dear unto him, was sick, and ready to die.

7:3    百夫长风闻耶稣的事，就托犹太人的几个长老，去求耶稣来救他的仆人。
And when he heard of Jesus, he sent unto him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant.

7:4    他们到了耶稣那里，就切切的求他说，你给他行这事，是他所配得的。
And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this:

7:5    因为他爱我们的百姓，给我们建造会堂。
For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue.

7:6    耶稣就和他们同去。离那家不远，百夫长托几个朋友去见耶稣，对他说，主阿，不要劳动。因你到我舍下，我不敢当。
Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

7:7    我也自以为不配去见你，只要你说一句话，我的仆人就必好了。
Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

7:8    因为我在人的权下，也有兵在我以下，对这个说去，他就去。对那个说来，他就来。对我的仆人说，你作这事，他就去作。
For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

7:9    耶稣听见这话，就希奇他，转身对跟随的众人说，我告诉你们，这吗大的信心，就是在以色列中我也没有遇见过。
When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.



7:10    那托来的人回到百夫长家里，看见仆人已经好了。
And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.

7:11    过不了多时，有古卷作次日耶稣往一座城去，这城名叫拿因，他的门徒和极多的人与他同行。
And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people.

7:12    将近城门，有一个死人被抬出来。这人是他母亲独生的儿子，他母亲又是寡妇。有城里的许多人同着寡妇送殡。
Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city, behold, there was a dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her.

7:13    主看见那寡妇就怜悯他，对他说，不要哭。
And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Weep not.

7:14    于是进前按着杠，抬的人就站住了。耶稣说，少年人，我吩咐你起来。
And he came and touched the bier: and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.

7:15    那死人就坐起，并且说话。耶稣便把他交给他母亲。
And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother.

7:16    众人都惊奇，归荣耀与神说，有大先知在我们中间兴起来了。又说，神眷顾了他的百姓。
And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God hath visited his people.

7:17    他这事的风声就传遍了犹太，和周围地方。
And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about.

7:18    约翰的门徒把这些事都告诉约翰。
And the disciples of John shewed him of all these things.

7:19    他便叫了两个门徒来，打发他们到主那里去，说，那将要来的是你吗，还是我们等候别人呢。
And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?

7:20    那两个人来到耶稣那里，说，施洗的约翰打发我们来问你，那将要来的是你吗，还是我们等候别人呢。
When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?

7:21    正当那时候，耶稣治好了许多有疾病的，受灾患的，被恶鬼附着的。又开恩叫好些瞎子能看见。
And in that same hour he cured many of their infirmities and plagues, and of evil spirits; and unto many that were blind he gave sight.

7:22    耶稣回答说，你们去把所看见所听见的事告诉约翰。就是瞎子看见，瘸子行走，长大麻疯的洁净，聋子听见，死人复活，穷人有福音传给他们。
Then Jesus answering said unto them, Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached.

7:23    凡不因我跌倒的，就有福了。
And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.

7:24    约翰所差来的人既走了，耶稣就对众人讲论约翰说，你们从前出去到旷野，是要看什么呢。要看风吹动的芦苇吗。
And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness for to see? A reed shaken with the wind?

7:25    你们出去到底是要看什么。要看穿细软衣服的人吗。那穿华丽衣服宴乐度日的人，是在王宫里。
But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts.

7:26    你们出去究竟是要看什么。要看先知吗。我告诉你们，是的，他比先知大多了。
But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet.

7:27    经上记着说，我要差遣我的使者在你前面，豫备道路。所说的就是这个人。
This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

7:28    我告诉你们，凡妇人所生的，没有一个大过约翰的。然而神国里最小的比他还大。
For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he.

7:29    众百姓和税吏，既受过约翰的洗，听见这话，就以神为义。
And all the people that heard him, and the publicans, justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John.

7:30    但法利赛人和律法师，没有受过约翰的洗，竟为自己废弃了神的旨意。二十九三十两节或作众百姓和税吏听见了约翰的话就受了他的洗便以神为义但法利赛人和律法师不受约翰的洗，竟为自己废弃了神的旨意。
But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the counsel of God against themselves, being not baptized of him.

7:31    主又说，这样，我可用什么比这世代的人呢。他们好像什么呢。
And the Lord said, Whereunto then shall I liken the men of this generation? and to what are they like?



7:32    好像孩童坐在街市上，彼此呼叫说，我们向你们吹笛，你们不跳舞，我们向你们举哀，你们不啼哭。
They are like unto children sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned to you, and ye have not wept.

7:33    施洗的约翰来，不吃饼，不喝酒。你们说他是被鬼附着的。
For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine; and ye say, He hath a devil.

7:34    人子来，也吃也喝。你们说他是贪食好酒的人，是税吏和罪人的朋友。
The Son of man is come eating and drinking; and ye say, Behold a gluttonous man, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners!

7:35    但智慧之子，都以智慧为是。
But wisdom is justified of all her children.

7:36    有一个法利赛人，请耶稣和他吃饭。耶稣就到法利赛人家里去坐席。
And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee's house, and sat down to meat.

7:37    那城里有一个女人，是个罪人。知道耶稣在法利赛人家里坐席，就拿着盛香膏的玉瓶，
And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee's house, brought an alabaster box of ointment,

7:38    站在耶稣背后，挨着他的脚哭，眼泪湿了耶稣的脚，就用自己的头发擦乾，又用嘴连连亲他的脚，把香膏抹上。
And stood at his feet behind him weeping, and began to wash his feet with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment.

7:39    请耶稣的法利赛人看见这事，心里说，这人若是先知，必知道摸他的是谁，是个怎样的女人，乃是个罪人。
Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him: for she is a sinner.

7:40    耶稣对他说，西门，我有句话要对你说。西门说，夫子，请说。
And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on.

7:41    耶稣说，一个债主，有两个人欠他的债。一个欠他五十两银子，一个欠五两银子。
There was a certain creditor which had two debtors: the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty.

7:42    因为他们无力偿还，债主就开恩免了他们两个人的债。这两个人那一个更爱他呢。
And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most?

7:43    西门回答说，我想是那多得恩免的人。耶稣说，你断的不错。
Simon answered and said, I suppose that he, to whom he forgave most. And he said unto him, Thou hast rightly judged.

7:44    于是转过来向着那女人，便对西门说，你看见这女人吗。我进了你的家，你没有给我水洗脚。但这女人用眼泪湿了我的脚，用头发擦乾。
And he turned to the woman, and said unto Simon, Seest thou this woman? I entered into thine house, thou gavest me no water for my feet: but she hath washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head.

7:45    你没有与我亲嘴，但这女人从我进来的时候，就不住的用嘴亲我的脚。
Thou gavest me no kiss: but this woman since the time I came in hath not ceased to kiss my feet.

7:46    你没有用油抹我的头，但这女人用香膏抹我的脚。
My head with oil thou didst not anoint: but this woman hath anointed my feet with ointment.

7:47    所以我告诉你，他许多的罪都赦免了。因为他的爱多。但那赦免少的，他的爱就少。
Wherefore I say unto thee, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she loved much: but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little.

7:48    于是对那女人说，你的罪赦免了。
And he said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven.

7:49    同席的人心里说，这是什么人，竟赦免人的罪呢。
And they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves, Who is this that forgiveth sins also?

7:50    耶稣对那女人说，你的信救了你，平平安安的回去吧。
And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


8:1    过了不多日，耶稣周游各城各乡传道，宣讲神国的福音。和他同去的有十二个门徒，
And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and shewing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,

8:2    还有被恶鬼所附，被疾病所累，已经治好的几个妇女，内中有称为抹大拉的马利亚，曾有七个鬼从他身上赶出来。
And certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils,

8:3    又有希律的家宰苦撒的妻子约亚拿，并苏撒拿，和好些别的妇女，都是用自己的财物供给耶稣和门徒。
And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance.

8:4    当许多人聚集，又有人从各城里出来见耶稣的时候，耶稣就用比喻说，
And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable:

8:5    有一个撒种的出去撒种。撒的时候，有落在路旁的，被人践踏，天上的飞鸟又来吃尽了。
A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way side; and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it.

8:6    有落在磐石上的，一出来就枯乾了，因为得不着滋润。
And some fell upon a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture.

8:7    有落在荆棘里的，荆棘一同生长，把他挤住了。
And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprang up with it, and choked it.

8:8    又有落在好土里的，生长起来，结实百倍。耶稣说了这些话，就大声说，有耳可听的，就应当听。
And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit an hundredfold. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.

8:9    门徒问耶稣说，这比喻是什么意思呢。
And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be?

8:10    他说，神国的奥秘，只叫你们知道。至于别人，就用比喻，叫他们看也看不见，听也听不明。
And he said, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God: but to others in parables; that seeing they might not see, and hearing they might not understand.

8:11    这比喻乃是这样。种子就是神的道。
Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.

8:12    那些在路旁的，就是人听了道，随后魔鬼来，从他们心里把道夺去，恐怕他们信了得救。
Those by the way side are they that hear; then cometh the devil, and taketh away the word out of their hearts, lest they should believe and be saved.

8:13    那些在磐石上的，就是人听道，喜欢领受，但心中没有根，不过暂时相信，及至遇见试炼就后退了。
They on the rock are they, which, when they hear, receive the word with joy; and these have no root, which for a while believe, and in time of temptation fall away.

8:14    那落在荆棘里的，就是人听了道，走开以后，被今生的思虑钱财宴乐挤住了，便结不出成熟的子粒来。
And that which fell among thorns are they, which, when they have heard, go forth, and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and bring no fruit to perfection.

8:15    那落在好土里的，就是人听了道，持守在诚实善良的心里，并且忍耐着结实。
But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience.

8:16    没有人点灯用器皿盖上，或放在床底下，乃是放在灯台上，叫进来的人看见亮光。
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light.

8:17    因为掩藏的事，没有不显出来的。隐瞒的事，没有不露出来被人知道的。
For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.

8:18    所以你们应当小心怎样听。因为凡有的，还要加给他。凡没有的，连他自以为有的，也要夺去。
Take heed therefore how ye hear: for whosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have.

8:19    耶稣的母亲和他弟兄来了，因为人多，不得到他跟前。
Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press.

8:20    有人告诉他说，你母亲和你弟兄，站在外边，要见你。
And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.

8:21    耶稣回答说，听了神之道而遵行的人，就是我的母亲，我的弟兄了。
And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it.

8:22    有一天耶稣和门徒上了船，对门徒说，我们可以渡到湖那边去。他们就开了船。
Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.

8:23    正行的时候，耶稣睡着了。湖上忽然起了暴风，船将满了水，甚是危险。
But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy.

8:24    门徒来叫醒了他，说，夫子，我们丧命喇。耶稣醒了，斥责那狂风大浪。风浪就止住，平静了。
And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.

8:25    耶稣对他们说，你们的信心在那里呢。他们又惧怕，又希奇，彼此说，这到底是谁，他吩咐风和水，连风和水也听从他了。
And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him.

8:26    他们到了格拉森有古卷作加大拉人的地方，就是加利利的对面。
And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.

8:27    耶稣上了岸，就有城里一个被鬼附着的人，迎面而来，这个人许久不穿衣服，不住房子，只住在坟茔里。
And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.

8:28    他见了耶稣，就俯伏在他面前，大声喊叫，说，至高神的儿子耶稣，我与你有什么相干。求你不要叫我受苦。
When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not.

8:29    是因耶稣曾吩咐污鬼从那人身上出来。原来这鬼屡次抓住他，他常被人看守，又被铁链和脚镣捆锁，他竟把锁链挣断，被鬼赶到旷野去。
(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)

8:30    耶稣问他说，你名叫什么。他说，我名叫群。这是因为附着他的鬼多。
And Jesus asked him, saying, What is thy name? And he said, Legion: because many devils were entered into him.

8:31    鬼就央求耶稣，不要吩咐他们到无底坑里去。
And they besought him that he would not command them to go out into the deep.

8:32    那里有一大群猪，在山上吃食。鬼央求耶稣，准他们进入猪里去。耶稣准了他们。
And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them.

8:33    鬼就从那人出来，进入猪里去。于是那群猪闯下山崖，投在湖里淹死了。
Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choked.

8:34    放猪的看见这事就逃跑了，去告诉城里和乡下的人。
When they that fed them saw what was done, they fled, and went and told it in the city and in the country.

8:35    众人出来要看是什么事。到了耶稣那里，看见鬼所离开的那人，坐在耶稣脚前，穿着衣服，心里明白过来，他们就害怕。
Then they went out to see what was done; and came to Jesus, and found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.

8:36    看见这事的，便将被鬼附着的人怎吗得救，告诉他们。
They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the devils was healed.

8:37    格拉森周围的人，因为害怕得很，都求耶稣离开他们。耶稣就上船回去了。
Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great fear: and he went up into the ship, and returned back again.

8:38    鬼所离开的那人，恳求和耶稣同在。耶稣却打发他回去，
Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying,

8:39    说，你回家去，传说神为你作了何等大的事。他就去满城传扬耶稣为他作了何等大的事。
Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him.

8:40    耶稣回来的时候，众人迎接他，因为他们都等候他。
And it came to pass, that, when Jesus was returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him.

8:41    有一个管会堂的，名叫睚鲁，来俯伏在耶稣脚前，求耶稣到他家里去。
And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house:



8:42    因为他有一个独生女儿，约有十二岁，快要死了。耶稣去的时候，众人拥挤他。
For he had one only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she lay a dying. But as he went the people thronged him.

8:43    有一个女人，患了十二年的血漏，在医生手里花尽了他一切养生的，并没有一人能医好他。
And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

8:44    他来到耶稣背后，摸他的衣裳？？子，血漏立刻就止住了。
Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

8:45    耶稣说，摸我的是谁。众人都不承认，彼得和同行的人都说，夫子，众人拥拥挤挤紧靠着你。有古卷在此有你还问摸我的是谁吗
And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

8:46    耶稣说，总有人摸我。因我觉得有能力从我身上出去。
And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

8:47    那女人知道不能隐藏，就战战兢兢的来俯伏在耶稣脚前，把摸他的缘故，和怎样立刻得好了，当着众人都说出来。
And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

8:48    耶稣对他说，女儿，你的信救了你，平平安安的去吧。
And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

8:49    还说话的时候，有人从管会堂的家里来说，你的女儿死了，不要劳动夫子。
While he yet spake, there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue's house, saying to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master.

8:50    耶稣听见就对他说，不要怕，只要信，你的女儿就必得救。
But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

8:51    耶稣到了他的家，除了彼得，约翰，雅各，和女儿的父母，不许别人同他进去。
And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.

8:52    众人都为这女儿哀哭捶胸。耶稣说，不要哭，他不是死了，是睡着了。
And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

8:53    他们晓得女儿已经死了，就嗤笑耶稣。
And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

8:54    耶稣拉着他的手，呼叫说，女儿，起来吧。
And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

8:55    他的灵魂便回来，他立刻起来了。耶稣吩咐给他东西吃。
And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

8:56    他的父母惊奇得很。耶稣嘱咐他们，不要把所作的事告诉人。
And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


9:1    耶稣叫齐了十二个门徒，给他们能力权柄，制伏一切的鬼，医治各样的病。
Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases.

9:2    又差遣他们去宣传神国的道，医治病人。
And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick.

9:3    对他们说，行路的时候，不要带拐杖，和口袋，不要带食物，和银子，也不要带两件褂子。
And he said unto them, Take nothing for your journey, neither staves, nor scrip, neither bread, neither money; neither have two coats apiece.

9:4    无论进那一家，就住在那里，也从那里起行。
And whatsoever house ye enter into, there abide, and thence depart.

9:5    凡不接待你们的，你们离开那城的时候，要把脚上的尘土跺下去，见证他们的不是。
And whosoever will not receive you, when ye go out of that city, shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them.

9:6    门徒就出去，走遍各乡，宣传福音，到处治病。
And they departed, and went through the towns, preaching the gospel, and healing every where.

9:7    分封的王希律听见耶稣所作的一切事，就游移不定。因为有人说，是约翰从死里复活。
Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him: and he was perplexed, because that it was said of some, that John was risen from the dead;

9:8    又有人说，是以利亚显现。还有人说，是古时的一个先知又活了。
And of some, that Elias had appeared; and of others, that one of the old prophets was risen again.

9:9    希律说，约翰我已经斩了，这却是什么人，我竟听见这样的事呢，就想要见他。
And Herod said, John have I beheaded: but who is this, of whom I hear such things? And he desired to see him.

9:10    使徒回来，将所作的事告诉耶稣。耶稣就带他们暗暗的离开那里，往一座城去，那城名叫伯赛大。
And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida.

9:11    但众人知道了，就跟着他去。耶稣便接待他们，对他们讲论神国得道，医治那些需医的人。
And the people, when they knew it, followed him: and he received them, and spake unto them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that had need of healing.

9:12    日头快要平西，十二个门徒来对他说，请叫众人散开，他们好往四面乡里去借宿找吃的。因为我们这里是野地。
And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said unto him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place.

9:13    耶稣说，你们给他们吃吧。门徒说，我们不过有五个饼，两条鱼。若不去为这许多人买食物就不彀。
But he said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people.

9:14    那时，人数约有五千。耶稣对门徒说，叫他们一排一排的坐下，每排大约五十个人。
For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.

9:15    门徒就如此行，叫众人都坐下。
And they did so, and made them all sit down.

9:16    耶稣拿着这五个饼，两条鱼，望着天祝福，擘开，递给门徒摆在众人面前。
Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.

9:17    他们就吃，并且都吃饱了。把剩下的零碎收拾起来，装满了十二篮子。
And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.

9:18    耶稣自己祷告的时候，门徒也同他在那里。耶稣问他们说，众人说我是谁。
And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?

9:19    他们说，有人说是施洗的约翰。有人说是以利亚。还有人说，是古时的一个先知又活了。
They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.

9:20    耶稣说，你们说我是谁。彼的回答说，是神所立的基督。
He said unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of God.

9:21    耶稣切切的嘱咐他们，不可将这事告诉人。
And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;

9:22    又说，人子必须受许多的苦，被长老祭司长和文士弃绝，并且被杀，第三日复活。
Saying, The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day.

9:23    耶稣又对众人说，若有人要跟从我，就当舍己，天天背起他的十字架来，跟从我。
And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.

9:24    因为凡要救自己生命的，生命或作灵魂下同必丧掉生命。凡为我丧掉生命的，必救了生命。
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.

9:25    人若赚得全世界，却丧了自己，赔上自己，有什么益处呢。
For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?

9:26    凡把我和我的道当作可耻的，人子在自己的荣耀里，并天父与圣天使的荣耀里，降临的时候，也要把那人当作可耻的。
For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.

9:27    我实在告诉你们，站在这里的，有人在没尝死味以前，必看见神的国。
But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God.

9:28    说了这话以后，约有八天，耶稣带着彼得，约翰，雅各，上山去祷告。
And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray.

9:29    正祷告的时候，他的面貌就改变了，衣服洁白放光。
And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering.

9:30    忽然有摩西以利亚两个人，同耶稣说话。
And, behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias:

9:31    他们在荣光里显现，谈论耶稣去世的事，就是他在耶路撒冷将要成的事。
Who appeared in glory, and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem.

9:32    彼得和他的同伴都打盹，既清醒了，就看见耶稣的荣光，并同他站着的那两个人。
But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep: and when they were awake, they saw his glory, and the two men that stood with him.

9:33    二人正要和耶稣分离的时候，彼得对耶稣说，夫子，我们在这里真好，可以搭三座棚，一座为你，一座为摩西，一座为以利亚。他却不知道所说的是什么。
And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said.

9:34    说这话的时候，有一朵云彩来遮盖他们。他们进入云彩里就惧怕。
While he thus spake, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feared as they entered into the cloud.

9:35    有声音从云彩里出来，说，这是我的儿子，我所拣选的，有古卷作这是我的爱子你们要听他。
And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

9:36    声音住了，只见耶稣一人在那里。当那些日子，门徒不题所见的事，一样也不告诉人。
And when the voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen.

9:37    第二天，他们下了山，就有许多人迎见耶稣。
And it came to pass, that on the next day, when they were come down from the hill, much people met him.

9:38    其中有一人喊叫说，夫子，求你看顾我的儿子，因为他是我的独生子。
And, behold, a man of the company cried out, saying, Master, I beseech thee, look upon my son: for he is mine only child.

9:39    他被鬼抓住，就忽然喊叫。鬼又叫他抽疯，口中流沫，并且重重的伤害他，难以离开他。
And, lo, a spirit taketh him, and he suddenly crieth out; and it teareth him that he foameth again, and bruising him hardly departeth from him.

9:40    我求过你的门徒，把鬼赶出去，他们却是不能。
And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not.

9:41    耶稣说，嗳，这又不信又悖谬的世代阿，我在你们这里，忍耐你们，要到几时呢。将你的儿子带到这里来吧。
And Jesus answering said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you, and suffer you? Bring thy son hither.

9:42    正来的时候，鬼把他摔倒，叫他重重的抽疯。耶稣就斥责那污鬼，把孩子治好了，交给他的父亲。
And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father.

9:43    众人都诧异神的大能。大能或作威荣耶稣所作的一切事，众人正希奇的时候，耶稣对门徒说，
And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did, he said unto his disciples,

9:44    你们要把这些话存在耳中。因为人子将要被交在人手里。
Let these sayings sink down into your ears: for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men.

9:45    他们不明白这话，意思乃是隐藏的，叫他们不能明白，他们也不敢问这话的意思。
But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to ask him of that saying.

9:46    门徒中间起了议论，谁将为大。
Then there arose a reasoning among them, which of them should be greatest.

9:47    耶稣看出他们心中的议论，就领一个小孩子来，叫他站在自己旁边。
And Jesus, perceiving the thought of their heart, took a child, and set him by him,

9:48    对他们说，凡为我名接待这小孩子的，就是接待我。凡接待我的，就是接待那差我来的。你们中间最小的，他便为大。
And said unto them, Whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me receiveth him that sent me: for he that is least among you all, the same shall be great.

9:49    约翰说，夫子，我们看见一个人奉你的名赶鬼，我们就禁止他。因为他不与我们一同跟从你。
And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us.

9:50    耶稣说，不要禁止他。因为不敌挡你们的，就是帮助你们的。
And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us.

9:51    耶稣被接上升的日子将到，他就定意向耶路撒冷去，
And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,

9:52    便打发使者在他前头走。他们到了撒玛利亚的一个村庄，要为他豫备。
And sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him.

9:53    那里的人不接待他，因他面向耶路撒冷去。
And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem.

9:54    他的门徒，雅各，约翰，看见了，就说，主阿，你要我们吩咐火从天上降下来，烧灭他们，像以利亚所作的吗。有古卷无像以利亚所作的数字
And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?

9:55    耶稣转身责备两个门徒说，你们的今如何，你们并不知道。
But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.

9:56    人子来不是要灭人的性命，性命或作灵魂下同是要救人的性命。说着就往别的村庄去了。有古卷只有五十五节首句五十六节末句
For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to another village.

9:57    他们走路的时候，有一人对耶稣说你无论往那里去，我要跟从你。
And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.

9:58    耶稣说，狐狸有洞，天空的飞鸟有窝，只是人子没有枕头的地方。
And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

9:59    又对一个人说，跟从我来，那人说，主，容我先回去埋葬我的父亲。
And he said unto another, Follow me. But he said, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.

9:60    耶稣说，任凭死人埋葬他们的死人。你只管去传扬神国的道。
Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of God.

9:61    又有一人说，主，我要跟从你。但容我先去辞别我家里的人。
And another also said, Lord, I will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.

9:62    耶稣说，手扶着犁向后看的，不配进神的国。
And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


10:1    这事以后，主又设立七十个人，差遣他们两个两个的，在他前面往自己所要到的各城各地方去。
After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whither he himself would come.

10:2    就对他们说，要收的庄稼多，作工的人少。所以你们当求庄稼的主，打发工人出去收他的庄稼。
Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.

10:3    你们去吧。我差你们出去，如同羊羔进入狼群。
Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.

10:4    不要带钱囊，不要带口袋，不要带鞋。在路上也不要问人的安。
Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor shoes: and salute no man by the way.

10:5    无论进那一家，先要说，愿这一家平安。
And into whatsoever house ye enter, first say, Peace be to this house.

10:6    那里若有当得平安的人，当得平安的人原文作平安之子你们所求的平安就必临到那家，不然，就归与你们了。
And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it shall turn to you again.

10:7    你们要住在那家，吃喝他们所供给的。因为工人得工价，是应当的。不要从这家搬到那家。
And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.

10:8    无论进那一城，人若接待你们，给你们摆上什么，你们就吃什么。
And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:

10:9    要医治那城里的病人，对他们说，神的国临近你们了。
And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.

10:10    无论进那一城，人若不接待你们，你们就到街上去，
But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,

10:11    说，就是你们城里的尘土，粘在我们的脚上，我们也当着你们擦去。虽然如此，你们该知道神的国临近了。
Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.

10:12    我告诉你们，当审判的日子，所多玛所受的，比那城还容易受呢。
But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.

10:13    哥拉汛哪，你有祸了。伯赛大阿，你有祸了。因为在你们中间所行的异能，若行在推罗西顿，他们早已披麻蒙灰坐在地上悔改了。
Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.

10:14    当审判的日子，推罗西顿所受的，比你们还容易受呢。
But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you.

10:15    迦百农阿，你已经升到天上。或作你将要升到天上吗将来必推下阴间。
And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.

10:16    又对门徒说，听从你们的，就是听从我，弃绝你们的，就是弃绝我，弃绝我的，就是弃绝那差我来的。
He that heareth you heareth me; and he that despiseth you despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me.

10:17    那七十个人欢欢喜喜的回来说，主阿，因你的名，就是鬼也服了我们。
And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name.

10:18    耶稣对他们说，我曾看见撒但从天上坠落，像闪电一样。
And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.

10:19    我已经给你们权柄，可以践踏蛇和蝎子，又胜过仇敌一切的能力，断没有什么能害你们。
Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.

10:20    然而不要因鬼服了你们就欢喜，要因你们的名记在天上欢喜。
Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject unto you; but rather rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.

10:21    正当那时，耶稣被圣灵感动就欢乐，说，父阿，天地的主，我感谢你，因为你将这些事，向聪明通达人就藏起来，向婴孩就显出来。父阿，是的，因为你的美意本是如此。
In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

10:22    一切所有的，都是我父交付我的。除了父，没有人知道子是谁。除了子和子愿意指示的，没有人知道父是谁。
All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knoweth who the Son is, but the Father; and who the Father is, but the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him.

10:23    耶稣转身暗暗的对门徒说。看见你们所看见的，那眼睛就有福了。
And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see:

10:24    我告诉你们，从前有许多先知和君王，要看你们所看的，却没有看见。要听你们所听的，却没有听见。
For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.

10:25    有一个律法师，起来试探耶稣说，夫子，我该作什么才可以承受永生。
And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?

10:26    耶稣对他说，律法上写的是什么。你念的是怎样呢。
He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou?

10:27    他回答说，你要尽心，尽性，尽力，尽意，爱主你的神。又要爱邻舍如同自己。
And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself.

10:28    耶稣说，你回答的是。你这样行，就必得永生。
And he said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this do, and thou shalt live.

10:29    那人要显明自己有理，就对耶稣说，谁是我的邻舍呢。
But he, willing to justify himself, said unto Jesus, And who is my neighbour?

10:30    耶稣回答说，有一个人从耶路撒冷下耶利哥去，落在强盗手中，他们剥去他的衣裳，把他打个半死，就丢下他走了。
And Jesus answering said, A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.

10:31    偶然有一个祭司，从这条路下来。看见他就从那边过去了。
And by chance there came down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.

10:32    又有一个利末人，来到这地方，看见他，也照样从那边过去了。
And likewise a Levite, when he was at the place, came and looked on him, and passed by on the other side.

10:33    惟有一个撒玛利亚人，行路来到那里。看见他就动了慈心，
But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had compassion on him,

10:34    上前用油和酒倒在他的伤处，包裹好了，扶他骑上自己的牲口，带到店里去照应他。
And went to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.

10:35    第二天拿出二钱银子来，交给店主说，你且照应他。此外所费用的，我回来必还你。
And on the morrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee.

10:36    你想这三个人，那一个是落在强盗手中的邻舍呢。
Which now of these three, thinkest thou, was neighbour unto him that fell among the thieves?

10:37    他说，是怜悯他的。耶稣说，你去照样行吧。
And he said, He that shewed mercy on him. Then said Jesus unto him, Go, and do thou likewise.

10:38    他们走路的时候，耶稣进了一个村庄。有一个女人名叫马大，接他到自己家里。
Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.

10:39    他有一个妹子名叫马利亚，在耶稣脚前坐着听他得道。
And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his word.

10:40    马大伺候的事多，心里忙乱，就进前来说，主阿，我的妹子留下我一个人伺候，你不在意吗。请吩咐他来帮助我。
But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me.

10:41    耶稣回答说，马大，马大，你为许多的事，思虑烦扰。
And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things:

10:42    但是不可少的只有一件。马利亚已经选择那上好的福分，是不能夺去的。
But one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


11:1    耶稣在一个地方祷告。祷告完了，有个门徒对他说，求主教导我们祷告，像约翰教导他的门徒。
And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.

11:2    耶稣说，你们祷告的时候，要说，我们在天上的父，有古卷只作父阿愿人都尊你的名为圣。愿你的国降临。愿你的旨意行在地上，如同行在天上。有古卷无愿你的旨意云云
And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.

11:3    我们日用的饮食，天天赐给我们。
Give us day by day our daily bread.

11:4    赦免我们的罪，因为我们也赦免凡亏欠我们的人。不叫我们遇见试探。救我们脱离凶恶。有古卷无末句
And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.

11:5    耶稣又说，你们中间谁有一个朋友，半夜到他那里去说，朋友，请借给我三个饼。
And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;

11:6    因为我有一个朋友行路，来到我这里，我没有什么给他摆上。
For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?

11:7    那人在里面回答说，不要搅扰我。门已经关闭，孩子们也同我在床上了。我不能起来给你。
And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give thee.

11:8    我告诉你们，虽不因他是朋友起来给他，但因他情词迫切的直求，就必起来照他所需用的给他。
I say unto you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth.

11:9    我又告诉你们，你们祈求就给你们。寻梢就寻见。叩门就给你们开门。
And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.

11:10    因为凡祈求的就得着。寻梢的就寻见。叩门的就给他开门。
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.

11:11    你们中间作父亲的，谁有儿子求饼，反给他石头呢。求鱼，反拿蛇当鱼给他呢。
If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?

11:12    求鸡蛋，反给他蝎子呢。
Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?

11:13    你们虽然不好，尚且知道拿好东西给儿女。何况天父，岂不更将圣灵给求他的人吗。
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?

11:14    耶稣赶出一个叫人哑吧的鬼。鬼出去了，哑吧就说出话来众人都希奇。
And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.

11:15    内中却有人说，他是靠着鬼王别西卜赶鬼。
But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

11:16    又有人试探耶稣，向他求从天上来的神迹。
And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.

11:17    他晓得他们的意念，便对他们说，凡一国自相分争，就成为荒场。凡一家自相分争，就必败落。
But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house divided against a house falleth.

11:18    若撒但自相分争，他的国怎能站得住呢。因为你们说我是靠着别西卜赶鬼。
If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.

11:19    我若靠着别西卜赶鬼，你们的子弟赶鬼，又靠着谁呢。这样，他们就要断定你们的是非。
And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges.

11:20    我若靠着神的能力赶鬼，这就是神的国临到你们了。
But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you.

11:21    壮士披挂整齐，看守自己的住宅，他所有的都平安无事。
When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace:

11:22    但有一个比他更壮的来，胜过他，就夺去他所依靠的盔甲兵器，又分了他的赃。
But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.

11:23    不与我相合的，就是敌我的。不同我收聚的，就是分散的。
He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth.

11:24    污鬼离了人身，就在无水之地，过来过去，寻求安歇之处。既寻不着，便说，我要回到我所出来的屋里去。
When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out.

11:25    到了，就看见里面打扫乾净，修饰好了。
And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished.

11:26    便去另带了七个比自己更恶的鬼来，都进去住在那里。那人末后的景况，比先前更不好了。
Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.

11:27    耶稣正说这话的时候，众人中间，有一个女人大声说，怀你胎的和乳养你的有福了。
And it came to pass, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked.

11:28    耶稣说，是却还不如听神之道而遵守的人有福。
But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.

11:29    当众人聚集的时后，耶稣开讲说，这世代是一个邪恶的世代。他们求看神迹，除了约拿的神迹以外，再没有神迹给他们看。
And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

11:30    约拿怎样为尼尼微人成了神迹，人子也要照样为这世代的人成了神迹。
For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.

11:31    当审判的时候，南方的女王，要起来定这世代的罪。因为他从地极而来，要听所罗门的智慧话。看哪，在这里有一人比所罗门更大。
The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.



11:32    当审判的时候，尼尼微人，要起来定这世代的罪。因为尼尼微人听了约拿所传的，就悔改了。看哪，在这里有一人比约拿更大。
The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

11:33    没有人点灯放在地窨子里，或是斗底下，总是放在灯台上，使进来的人看得见亮光。
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, but on a candlestick, that they which come in may see the light.

11:34    你眼睛就是身上的灯，你的眼睛若了亮，全身就光明。眼睛若昏花，全身就黑暗。
The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light; but when thine eye is evil, thy body also is full of darkness.

11:35    所以你要省察，恐怕你里头的光，或者黑暗了。
Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.

11:36    若是你全身光明，毫无黑暗，就必全然光明，如同灯的明光照亮你。
If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light.

11:37    说话的时候，有一个法利赛人请耶稣同他吃饭。耶稣就进去坐席。
And as he spake, a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with him: and he went in, and sat down to meat.

11:38    这法利赛人看见耶稣饭前不洗手，便诧异。
And when the Pharisee saw it, he marvelled that he had not first washed before dinner.

11:39    主对他说，如今你们法利赛人洗净杯盘的外面。你们里面却满了勒索和邪恶。
And the Lord said unto him, Now do ye Pharisees make clean the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and wickedness.

11:40    无知的人哪，造外面的，不也造里面吗。
Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also?

11:41    只要把里面的施舍给人，凡物于你们就都洁净了。
But rather give alms of such things as ye have; and, behold, all things are clean unto you.

11:42    你们法利赛人有祸了。因为你们将薄荷芸香，并各样菜蔬，献上十分之一，那公义和爱神的事，反倒不行了。这原是你们当行的，那也是不可不行的。
But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.

11:43    你们法利赛人有祸了。因为你们喜爱会堂里的首位，又喜爱人在街市上问你们的安。
Woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets.

11:44    你们有祸了。因为你们如同不显露的坟墓，走在上面的人并不知道。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them.

11:45    律法师中有一个回答耶稣说，夫子，你这样说，也把我们糟塌了。
Then answered one of the lawyers, and said unto him, Master, thus saying thou reproachest us also.

11:46    耶稣说，你们律法师也有祸了。因为你们把难担的担子，放在人身上，自己一个指头却不肯动。
And he said, Woe unto you also, ye lawyers! for ye lade men with burdens grievous to be borne, and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers.

11:47    你们有祸了。因为你们修造先知的坟墓，那先知正是你们的祖宗所杀的。
Woe unto you! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.

11:48    可见你们的祖宗所作的事，你们又证明又喜欢。因为他们杀了先知，你们修造先知的坟墓。
Truly ye bear witness that ye allow the deeds of your fathers: for they indeed killed them, and ye build their sepulchres.

11:49    所以神用智慧曾说，用智慧或作的智者我要差遣先知和使徒，到他们那里去。有的他们要杀害，有的他们要逼迫。
Therefore also said the wisdom of God, I will send them prophets and apostles, and some of them they shall slay and persecute:

11:50    使创世以来，所流众先知血的罪，都要问在这世代的人身上。
That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may be required of this generation;

11:51    就是从亚伯的血起，直到被杀在坛和殿中间撒迦利亚的血为止。我实在告诉你们，这都要问在这世代的人身上。
From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias, which perished between the altar and the temple: verily I say unto you, It shall be required of this generation.

11:52    你们律法师有祸了。因为你们把知识的钥匙夺了去。自己不进去，正要进去的人，你们也阻挡他们。
Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered.

11:53    耶稣从那里出来，文士和法利赛人，就极力的催逼他，引动他多说话。
And as he said these things unto them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things:

11:54    私下窥听，要拿他的话柄。
Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


12:1    这时，有几万人聚集，甚至彼此践踏，耶稣开讲，先对门徒说，你们要防备法利赛人的酵，就是假冒为善。
In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.

12:2    掩盖的事，没有不露出来的。隐藏的事，没有不被人知道的。
For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.

12:3    因此你们在暗中所说的，将要在明处被人听见。在室内附耳所说的，将要在房上被人宣扬。
Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.

12:4    我的朋友，我对你们说，那杀身体以后，不能再作什么的，不要怕他们。
And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.

12:5    我要指示你们当怕的是谁。当怕那杀了以后，又有权柄丢在地狱里的。我实在告诉你们，正要怕他。
But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.

12:6    五个麻雀，不是卖二分银子吗。但在神面前，一个也不忘记。
Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?

12:7    就是你们的头发也都被数过了。不要惧怕，你们比许多麻雀还贵重。
But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows.

12:8    我又告诉你们，凡在人面前认我的，人子在神的使者面前也必认他。
Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:

12:9    在人面前不认我的，人子在神的使者面前也必不认他。
But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.

12:10    凡说话干犯人子的，还可得赦免，惟独亵渎圣灵的，总不得赦免。
And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

12:11    人带你们到会堂，并官府，和有权柄的人面前，不要思虑怎吗分诉，说什么话。
And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:

12:12    因为正在那时候，圣灵要指教你们当说的话。
For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.

12:13    众人中有一个人对耶稣说，夫子，请你吩咐我的兄长和我分开家业。
And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me.

12:14    耶稣说，你这个人，谁立我作你们断事的官，给你们分家业呢。
And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?

12:15    于是对众人说，你们要谨慎自守，免去一切的贪心。因为人的生命，不在乎家道丰富。
And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.

12:16    就用比喻对他们说，有一个财主，田产丰盛。
And he spake a parable unto them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:

12:17    自己心里思想说，我的出产没有地方收藏，怎吗办呢。
And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?

12:18    又说，我要这吗办。要把我的仓房拆了，另盖更大的。在那里好收藏我一切的粮食和财物。
And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.

12:19    然后要对我的灵魂说，灵魂哪，你有许多财物积存，可作多年的费用。只管安安逸逸的吃喝快乐吧。
And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry.

12:20    神却对他说，无知的人哪，今夜必要你的灵魂。你所豫备的，要归谁呢。
But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided?

12:21    凡为自己积财，在神面前却不富足的，也是这样。
So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.

12:22    耶稣又对门徒说，所以我告诉你们，不要为生命忧虑吃什么。为身体忧虑穿什么。
And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.

12:23    因为生命胜于饮食，身体胜于衣裳。
The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.

12:24    你想乌鸦，也不种，也不收。又没有仓，又没有库，神尚且养活他。你们比飞鸟是何等的贵重呢。
Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?

12:25    你们那一个能用思虑，使寿数多加一刻呢。或作使身量多加一肘呢
And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?

12:26    这最小的事，你们尚且不能作，为什么还忧虑其馀的事呢。
If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?

12:27    你想百合花，怎吗长起来。他也不劳苦，也不纺线。然而我告诉你们，就是所罗门极荣华的时候，他所穿戴的，还不如这花一朵呢。
Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.

12:28    你们这小信的人哪，野地里的草，今天还在，明天就丢在炉里，神还给他这样的妆饰，何况你们呢。
If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?

12:29    你们不要求吃什么，喝什么，也不要挂心。
And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.

12:30    这都是外邦人所求的，你们必须用这些东西，你们的父是知道的。
For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things.

12:31    你们只要求他的国，这些东西就必加给你们了。
But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you.

12:32    你们这小群，不要惧怕，因为你们的父，乐意把国赐给你们。
Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.

12:33    你们要变卖所有的，周济人。为自己豫备永不坏的钱囊，用不尽的财宝在天上，就是贼不能近，虫不能蛀的地方。
Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth.

12:34    因为你们的财宝在那里，你们的心也在那里。
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.

12:35    你们腰里要束上带，灯也要点着。
Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;

12:36    自己好像仆人等候主人，从婚姻的筵席上回来。他来到叩门，就立刻给他开门。
And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately.

12:37    主人来了，看见仆人儆醒，那仆人就有福了。我实在告诉你们，主人必叫他们坐席，自己束上带，进前伺候他们。
Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.

12:38    或是二更天来，或是三更天来，看见仆人这样，那仆人就有福了。
And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.

12:39    家主若知道贼什么时候来，就必儆醒，不容贼挖透房屋，这是你们所知道的。
And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.

12:40    你们也要豫备。因为你们想不到的时候，人子就来了。
Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.

12:41    彼得说，主阿，这比喻是为我们说的呢，还是为众人呢。
Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?

12:42    主说，谁是那忠心有见识的管家，主人派他管理家里的人，按时分粮给他们呢。
And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?

12:43    主人来到，看见仆人这样行，那仆人就有福了。
Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.

12:44    我实在告诉你们，主人要派他管理一切所有的。
Of a truth I say unto you, that he will make him ruler over all that he hath.

12:45    那仆人若心里说，我的主人必来得迟。就动手打仆人和使女，并且吃喝醉酒。
But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;

12:46    在他想不到的日子，不知道的时辰，那仆人的主人要来，重重的处治他，或作把他腰斩了定他和不忠心的人同罪。
The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.

12:47    仆人知道主人的意思，却不豫备，又不顺他的意思行，那仆人必多受责打。
And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.

12:48    惟有那不知道的，作了当受责打的事，必少受责打因为多给谁，就向谁多取。多托谁，就向谁多要。
But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.

12:49    我来要把火丢在地上。倘若已经着起来，不也是我所愿意的吗。
I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled?

12:50    我有当受的洗。还没有成就，我是何等的迫切呢。
But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened till it be accomplished!

12:51    你们以为我来，是叫地上太平吗。我告诉你们，不是，乃是叫人分争。
Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:

12:52    从今以后，一家五个人将要分争，三个人和两个人相争，两个人和三个人相争。
For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three.

12:53    父亲和儿子相争，儿子和父亲相争。母亲和女儿相争，女儿和母亲相争。婆婆和媳妇相争，媳妇和婆婆相争。
The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.

12:54    耶稣又对众人说，你们看见西边起了云彩，就说，要下一阵雨。果然就有。
And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.

12:55    起了南风，就说，将要燥热。也就有了。
And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass.

12:56    假冒为善的人哪，你们知道分辨天地的气色。怎吗不知道分辨这时候呢。
Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?

12:57    你们又为何不自己审量，什么是合理的呢。
Yea, and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right?

12:58    你同告你的对头去见官，还在路上，务要尽力的和他了结。恐怕他拉你到官面前，官交付差役，差役把你下在监里
When thou goest with thine adversary to the magistrate, as thou art in the way, give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him; lest he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and the officer cast thee into prison.

12:59    我告诉你，若有半文钱没有还清，你断不能从那里出来。
I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


13:1    正当那时，有人将彼拉多使加利利人的血搀杂在他们祭物中的事，告诉耶稣。
There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices.

13:2    耶稣说，你们以为这些加利利人比众加利利人更有罪，所以受这害吗。
And Jesus answering said unto them, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things?

13:3    我告诉你们，不是的。你们若不悔改，都要如此灭亡。
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.

13:4    从前西罗亚楼倒塌了，压死十八个人，你们以为那些人比一切住在耶路撒冷的人更有罪吗。
Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem?

13:5    我告诉你们，不是的。你们若不悔改，都要如此灭亡。
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.

13:6    于是用比喻说，一个人有一棵无花果树，栽在葡萄园里。他来到树前梢果子，却找不着。
He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none.

13:7    就对管园的说，看哪，我这三年，来到这无花果树前梢果子，竟找不着，把他砍了吧。何必白占地土呢。
Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?

13:8    管园的说，主阿，今年且留着，等我周围掘开土，加上粪。
And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it:

13:9    以后若结果子便吧。不然再把他砍了。
And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it down.

13:10    安息日，耶稣在会堂里教训人。
And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath.

13:11    有一个女人，被鬼附着病了十八年。腰弯得一点直不起来。
And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and was bowed together, and could in no wise lift up herself.

13:12    耶稣看见，便叫过他来，对他说，女人，你脱离这病了。
And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said unto her, Woman, thou art loosed from thine infirmity.

13:13    于是用两双手按着他。他立刻直起腰来，就归荣耀与神。
And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God.

13:14    管会堂的，因为耶稣在安息日治病，就气忿忿的对众人说，有六日应当作工。那六日之内，可以来求医，在安息日却不可。
And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day.

13:15    主说，假冒为善的人哪，难道你们各人在安息日不解开槽上的牛驴，牵去饮吗。
The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering?

13:16    况且这女人本是亚伯拉罕的后裔，被撒但捆绑了这十八年，不当在安息日解开他的绑吗。
And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?

13:17    耶稣说这话，他的敌人都惭愧了。众人因他所行一切荣耀的事，就都欢喜了。
And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him.

13:18    耶稣说，神的国，好像什么。我拿什么来比较呢。
Then said he, Unto what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it?

13:19    好像一粒芥菜种，有人拿去种在园子里。长大成树，天上的飞鸟，宿在他的枝上。
It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it.

13:20    又说，我拿什么来比神的国呢。
And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?

13:21    好比面酵，有妇人拿来藏在三斗面里，直等全团都发起来。
It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.

13:22    耶稣往耶路撒冷去，在所经过的各城各乡教训人。
And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and journeying toward Jerusalem.

13:23    有一个人问他说，主阿，得救的人少吗。
Then said one unto him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,

13:24    耶稣对众人说，你们要努力进窄门。我告诉你们，将来有许多人想要进去，却是不能。
Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able.

13:25    及至家主起来关了门，你们站在外面叩门，说，主阿，给我们开门，他就回答说，我不认识你们，不晓得你们是那里来的。
When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are:

13:26    那时，你们要说，我们在你面前吃过喝过，你也在我们街上教训过人。
Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets.

13:27    他要说，我告诉你们，我不晓得你们是那里来的。你们这切作恶的人，离开我去吧。
But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity.

13:28    你们要看见亚伯拉罕，以撒，雅各，和众先知，都在神的国里，你们却被赶到外面。在那里必要哀哭切齿了。
There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out.

13:29    从东，从西，从南，从北，将有人来，在神的国里坐席。
And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God.

13:30    只是有在后的将要在前，有在前的将要在后。
And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and there are first which shall be last.

13:31    正当那时，有几个法利赛人来对耶稣说，离开这里去吧。因为希律想要杀你。
The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying unto him, Get thee out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill thee.

13:32    耶稣说，你们去告诉那个狐狸说，今天明天我赶鬼治病，第三天我的事就成全了。
And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day and to morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.

13:33    虽然这样，今天明天后天我必须前行。因为先知在耶路撒冷之外丧命是不能的。
Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.

13:34    耶路撒冷阿，耶路撒冷阿，你常杀害先知，又用石头打死那奉差遣到你这里来的人。我多次愿意聚集你的儿女，好像母鸡把小鸡聚集在翅膀底下，只是你们不愿意。
O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!

13:35    看哪，你们的家成为荒场留给你们。我告诉你们，从今以后你们不得再见我，直等到你们说，奉主名来的是应当称颂的。
Behold, your house is left unto you desolate: and verily I say unto you, Ye shall not see me, until the time come when ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　




14:1    安息日，耶稣到一个法利赛人的首领家里去吃饭，他们就窥探他。
And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.

14:2    在他面前有一个患水臌的人。
And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.

14:3    耶稣对律法师和法利赛人说，安息日治病，可以不可以。
And Jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?

14:4    他们却不言语。耶稣就治好那人，叫他走了。
And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;

14:5    便对他们说，你们中间谁有驴或有牛，在安息日掉在井里，不立时拉他上来呢。
And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?

14:6    他们不能对答这话。
And they could not answer him again to these things.

14:7    耶稣见所请的客拣择首位，就用比喻对他们说，
And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden, when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms; saying unto them,

14:8    你被人请去赴婚姻的筵席，不要坐在首位上。恐怕有比你尊贵的客，被他请来。
When thou art bidden of any man to a wedding, sit not down in the highest room; lest a more honourable man than thou be bidden of him;

14:9    那请你们的人前来对你说，让座寄这一位吧。你就羞羞惭惭的退到末位上去了。
And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room.

14:10    你被请的时候，就去坐在末位上，好叫那请你的人来，对你说，朋友，请上坐，那时你在同席的人面前，就有了光彩了。
But when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade thee cometh, he may say unto thee, Friend, go up higher: then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee.

14:11    因为凡自高的必降为卑。自卑的必升为高。
For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

14:12    耶稣又对请他的人说，你摆设午饭，或晚饭，不要请你的朋友，弟兄，亲属，和富足的邻舍。恐怕他们也请你，你就得了报答。
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee.

14:13    你摆设筵席，倒要请那贫穷的，残废的，瘸腿的，瞎眼的，你就有福了。
But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:

14:14    因为他们没有什么可报答你。到义人复活的时候，你要得着报答。
And thou shalt be blessed; for they cannot recompense thee: for thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.

14:15    同席的友一人听见这话，就对耶稣说，在神国里吃饭的有福了。
And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.

14:16    耶稣对他说，有一人摆设大筵席，请了许多客。
Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many:

14:17    到了坐席的时后，打发仆人去对所请的人说，请来吧。样样都齐备了。
And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.

14:18    众人一口同音的推辞。头一个说，我买了一块地，必须去看看。请你准我辞了。
And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.

14:19    又有一个说，我买了五对牛，要去试一试。请你准我辞了。
And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused.

14:20    又有一个说，我才娶了妻，所以不能去。
And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.

14:21    那仆人回来，把这事都告诉了主人。家主就动怒，对仆人说，快出去到城里大街小巷，领那贫穷的，残废的，瞎眼的，瘸腿的来。
So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.

14:22    仆人说，主阿，你所吩咐的已经办了，还有空座。
And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.

14:23    主人对仆人说，你出去到路上和篱笆那里，勉强人进来，坐满我的屋子。
And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.

14:24    我告诉你们，先前所请的人，没有一个人得尝我的筵席。
For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.

14:25    有极多的人和耶稣同行。他转过来对他们说，
And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,



14:26    人到我这里来，若不爱我胜过爱自己的父母，妻子，儿女，弟兄，姐妹，和自己的性命，就不能作我的门徒。爱我胜过爱原文作恨
If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.

14:27    凡不背着自己十字架跟从我的，也不能作我的门徒。
And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.

14:28    你们那一个要盖一座楼，不先坐下算计花费，能盖成不能呢。
For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?

14:29    恐怕安了地基，不能成功，看见的人都笑话他，
Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,

14:30    说，这个人开了工，却不能完工。
Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.

14:31    或是一个王，出去和别的王打仗，岂不先坐下酌量，能用一万兵，去敌那领二万兵来攻打他的吗。
Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?



14:32    若是不能，就趁敌人还远的时候，派使者去求和息的条款。
Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth conditions of peace.

14:33    这样，你们无论什么人，若不撇下一切所有的，就不能作我的门徒。
So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.

14:34    盐本是好的，盐若失了味，可用什么叫他再咸呢。
Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be seasoned?

14:35    或用在田里，或堆在粪里，都不合式。只好丢在外面。有耳可听的，就应当听。
It is neither fit for the land, nor yet for the dunghill; but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


15:1    众税吏和罪人，都挨近耶稣要听他讲道。
Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him.

15:2    法利赛人和文士，私下议论说，这个人接待罪人，又同他们吃饭。
And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them.

15:3    耶稣就用比喻，说，
And he spake this parable unto them, saying,

15:4    你们中间谁有一百只羊，失去一只，不把这九十九只撇在旷野，去找那失去的羊直到找着呢。
What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it?

15:5    找着了，就欢欢喜喜的扛在肩上，回到家里。
And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing.



15:6    就请朋友邻舍来，对他们说，我失去的羊已经找着了，你们和我一起欢喜吧。
And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.

15:7    我告诉你们，一个罪人悔改，在天上也要这样为他欢喜，较比为九十九个不用悔改的义人，欢喜更大。
I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.

15:8    或是一个妇人，有十块钱，若失落一块，岂不点上灯，打扫屋子，细细的找，直到找着吗。
Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?

15:9    找着了，就请朋友邻舍来，对他们说，我失落的那块钱已经找着了，你们和我一同欢喜吧。
And when she hath found it, she calleth her friends and her neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost.

15:10    我告诉你们，一个罪人悔改，在神的使者面前，也是这样为他欢喜。
Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.

15:11    耶稣又说，一个人有两个儿子。
And he said, A certain man had two sons:

15:12    小儿子对父亲说，父亲，请你把我应得的家业分给我。他父亲就把产业分给他们。
And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living.

15:13    过了不多几日，小儿子就把他一切所有的，都收拾起来，往远方去了。在那里任意放荡，浪费赀财。
And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living.

15:14    既耗尽了一切所有的，又遇着那地方大遭饥荒，就穷苦起来。
And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.

15:15    于是去投靠那地方的一个人，那人打发他到田里去放猪。
And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine.

15:16    他恨不得拿猪所吃的豆荚充饥。也没有人给他。
And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him.

15:17    他醒悟过来，就说，我父亲有多少的雇工，口粮有馀，我倒在这里饿死吗。
And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!

15:18    我要起来，到我父亲那里去，向他说，父亲，我得罪了天，又得罪了你。
I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,

15:19    从今以后，我不配称为你的儿子，把我当作一个雇工吧。
And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.

15:20    于是起来往他父亲那里去。相离还远，他父亲看见，就动了慈心，跑去抱着他的颈项，连连舆他亲嘴。
And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him.

15:21    儿子说，父亲，我得罪了天，又得罪了你，从今以后，我不配称为你的儿子。
And the son said unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son.

15:22    父亲却吩咐仆人说，把那上好的袍子快拿出来给他穿。把戒指戴在他指头上。把鞋穿在他脚上。
But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:

15:23    把那肥牛犊牵来宰了，我们可以吃喝快乐。
And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:

15:24    因为我这个儿子，是死而复活，失而又得的。他们就快乐起来。
For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry.

15:25    那时，大儿子正在田里。他回来离家不远，听见作乐跳舞的声音。
Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard musick and dancing.

15:26    便叫过一个仆人来，问是什么事。
And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.

15:27    仆人说，你兄弟来了。你父亲，因为得他无灾无病的回来，把牛犊宰了。
And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound.

15:28    大儿子却生气，不肯进去。他父亲就出来劝他。
And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.

15:29    他对父亲说，我服事你这多年，从来没有违背过你的命。你并没有给我一只山羊羔，叫我和朋友，一同快乐。
And he answering said to his father, Lo, these many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment: and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:

15:30    但你这个儿子，和娼妓吞尽了你的产业，他一来了，你倒为他宰了肥牛犊。
But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.

15:31    父亲对他说，儿阿，你常和我同在，我一切所有的，都是你的。
And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine.

15:32    只是你这个兄弟是死而复活，失而又得的，所以我们理当欢喜快乐。
It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


16:1    耶稣又对门徒说，有一个财主的管家。别人向他主人告他浪费主人的财物。
And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.

16:2    主人叫他来，对他说，我听见你这事怎吗样呢。把你所经管的交待明白。因你不能再作我的管家。
And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward.

16:3    那管家心里说，主人辞我，不用我再作管家，我将来作什么。锄地呢，无力。讨饭呢，怕羞。
Then the steward said within himself, What shall I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed.

16:4    我知道怎吗行，好叫人在我不作管家之后，接我到他们家里去。
I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses.

16:5    于是把欠主人债的，一个一个的叫了来，问头一个说，你欠我主人多少。
So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord?

16:6    他说，一百篓油。每篓约五十斤管家说，拿你的账快坐下写五十。
And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and sit down quickly, and write fifty.

16:7    又问一个说，你欠多少。他说，一百石麦子。管家说，拿你的账写八十。
Then said he to another, And how much owest thou? And he said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and write fourscore.

16:8    主人就夸奖这不义的管家作事聪明。因为今世之子，在世事之上，较比光明之子，更加聪明。
And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light.

16:9    我又告诉你们，要籍着那不义的钱财，结交朋友。到了钱财无用的时候，他们可以接你们到永存的帐幕里去。
And I say unto you, Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness; that, when ye fail, they may receive you into everlasting habitations.

16:10    人在最小的事上忠心，在大事上也忠心。在最小的事上不义，在大事上也不义。
He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.

16:11    倘若你们在不义的钱财上不忠心，谁还把那真实的钱财托付你们呢。
If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?

16:12    倘若你们在别人的东西上不忠心，谁还把你们自己的东西给你们呢。
And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?

16:13    一个仆人不能事奉两个主。不是恶这个爱那个，就是重这个轻那个。你们不能又事奉神，又事奉玛门。
No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

16:14    法利赛人是贪爱钱财的，他们听见这一切话，就嗤笑耶稣。
And the Pharisees also, who were covetous, heard all these things: and they derided him.

16:15    耶稣对他们说，你们是在人面前自称为义的。你们的心，神却知道。因为人所尊贵的是神看为可憎恶的。
And he said unto them, Ye are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.

16:16    律法和先知，到约翰为止。从此神国的福音传开了，人人努力要进去。
The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.

16:17    天地废去，较比律法的一点一画落空还容易。
And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.

16:18    凡休妻另娶的，就是犯奸淫。娶被休之妻的，也是犯奸淫。
Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.

16:19    有一个财主，穿着紫色袍和细麻布衣服，天天奢华宴乐。
There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:

16:20    又有一个讨饭的，名叫拉撒路，浑身生疮，被人放在财主门口，
And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,

16:21    要得财主桌子上掉下来的零碎充饥。并且狗来舔他的疮。
And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.

16:22    后来那讨饭的死，被天使放在亚伯拉罕的怀里。财主也死了，并且埋葬了。
And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;

16:23    他在阴间受痛苦，举目远远的望见亚伯拉罕，又望见拉撒路在他怀里。
And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.

16:24    就喊着说，我祖亚伯拉罕哪，可怜我吧，打发拉撒路来，用指头尖蘸点水，凉凉我的舌头。因为我在这火焰里，极其痛苦。
And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.

16:25    亚伯拉罕说，儿阿，你该回想你生前享过福，拉撒路也受过苦。如今他在这里得安慰，你倒受痛苦。
But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented.

16:26    不但这样，并且在你我之间，有深渊限定，以致人要从这边过到你们那边，是不能的，要从那边过到我们这边，也是不能的。
And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.

16:27    财主说，我祖阿，既是这样，求你打发拉撒路到我父家去。
Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house:

16:28    因为我还有五个弟兄。他可以对他们作见证，免得他们也来到这痛苦的地方。
For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.

16:29    亚伯拉罕说，他们有摩西和先知的话，可以听从。
Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.

16:30    他说，我祖亚伯拉罕哪，不是的。若有一个从死里复活的，到他们那里去的，他们必要悔改。
And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent.

16:31    亚伯拉罕说，若不听从摩西和先知的话，就是有一个从死里复活的，他们也是不听劝。
And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 17 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


17:1    耶稣又对门徒说，绊倒人的事是免不了的。但那绊倒人的有祸了。
Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!

17:2    就是把磨石拴在这人的颈项上，丢在海里，还强如他把这小子里的一个绊倒了。
It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.

17:3    你们要谨慎。若是你们的弟兄得罪你，就劝戒他。他若懊悔，就饶恕他。
Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.

17:4    倘若他一天七次得罪你，又七次回转说，我懊悔了，你总要饶恕他。
And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him.

17:5    使徒对主说，求主加增我们的信心。
And the apostles said unto the Lord, Increase our faith.

17:6    主说，你们若有信心像一粒芥菜种，就是对这棵桑树说，你要拔起根来栽在海里，他也必听从你们。
And the Lord said, If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye might say unto this sycamine tree, Be thou plucked up by the root, and be thou planted in the sea; and it should obey you.

17:7    你们谁有仆人耕地，或是放羊，从田里回来，就对他说，你快来坐下吃饭呢。
But which of you, having a servant plowing or feeding cattle, will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat?

17:8    岂不对他说，你给我豫备晚饭，束上带子伺候我，等我吃喝完了，你才可以吃喝吗。
And will not rather say unto him, Make ready wherewith I may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken; and afterward thou shalt eat and drink?

17:9    仆人照所吩咐的去作，主人还谢谢他吗。
Doth he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded him? I trow not.

17:10    这样，你们作完了一切所吩咐的，只当说，我们是无用的仆人。所作的本是我们应分作的。
So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.

17:11    耶稣往耶路撒冷去，经过撒玛利亚和加利利。
And it came to pass, as he went to Jerusalem, that he passed through the midst of Samaria and Galilee.

17:12    进入一个村子，有十个长大麻疯的迎面而来，远远的站着。
And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off:

17:13    高声说，耶稣，夫子，可怜我们吧。
And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.

17:14    耶稣看见，就对他们说，你们去把身体给祭司察康。他们去的时候就洁净了。
And when he saw them, he said unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed.

17:15    内中有一个见自己已经好了，就回来大声归荣耀与神。
And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God,

17:16    又俯伏在耶稣脚前感谢他。这人是撒玛利亚人。
And fell down on his face at his feet, giving him thanks: and he was a Samaritan.

17:17    耶稣说，洁净了的不是十个人吗。那九个在那里呢。
And Jesus answering said, Were there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine?

17:18    除了这外族人，再没有别人回来归荣耀与神吗。
There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.

17:19    就对那人说，起来走吧。你的信救了你。
And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole.

17:20    法利赛人问神的国几时来到。耶稣回答说，神的国来到，不是眼所能见的。
And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation:

17:21    人也不得说，看哪，在这里。看哪，在那里。因为神的国就在你们心里。心里或作中间
Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.

17:22    他又对门徒说，日子将到，你们巴不得看见人子的一个日子，却不得看见。
And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it.

17:23    人将要对你们说，看哪，在那里，看哪，在这里。你们不要出去，也不要跟随他们。
And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them.

17:24    因为人子在他降临的日子，好像闪电，从天这边一闪，直照到天那边。
For as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.

17:25    只是他必须先受许多苦，又被这世代弃绝。
But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation.

17:26    挪亚的日子怎样，人子的日子也要怎样。
And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

17:27    那时候的人又吃又喝，又娶又嫁，到挪亚进方舟的那日，洪水就来，把他们全都灭了。
They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.

17:28    又好像罗得的日子。人又吃又喝，又买又卖，又耕种，又盖造。
Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

17:29    到罗得出所多玛的那日，就有火与硫磺从天上降下来，把他们全灭了。
But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.

17:30    人子显现的日子，也要这样。
Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

17:31    当那日，人在房上，器具在屋里，不要下来拿。人在田里，也不要回家。
In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back.

17:32    你们要回想罗得的妻子。
Remember Lot's wife.

17:33    凡想保全生命的，必丧掉生命。凡丧掉生命的，必救活生命。
Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it.

17:34    我对你们说，当那一夜，两个人在一个床上。要取去一个，撇下一个。
I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left.

17:35    两个女人一同推磨。要取去一个，撇下一个。有古卷在此有
Two women shall be grinding together; the one shall be taken, and the other left.

17:36    两个人在田里要取去一个撇下一个
Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.

17:37    门徒说，主阿，在那里有这事呢。耶稣说，尸首在那里，鹰也必聚在那里。
And they answered and said unto him, Where, Lord? And he said unto them, Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 18 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


18:1    耶稣设一个比喻，是要人常常祷告，不可灰心。
And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;

18:2    说，某城里有一个官，不惧怕神，也不尊重世人。
Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man:

18:3    那城里有个寡妇，常到他那里，说，我有一个对头，求你给我伸冤。
And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary.

18:4    他多日不准。后来心里说，我虽不惧帕神，也不尊重世人。
And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;

18:5    只因这寡妇烦扰我，我就给他伸冤吧。免得他常来缠磨我。
Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me.

18:6    主说，你们听这不义之官所说的话。
And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith.

18:7    神的选民，昼夜呼吁他，他纵然为他们忍了多时，岂不终久给他们伸冤吗。
And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?

18:8    我告诉你们，要快快的给他们伸冤了，然而人子来的时候，遇得见世上有信德吗。
I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

18:9    耶稣向那些仗着自己是义人，藐视别人的，设一个比喻，
And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:

18:10    说，有两个人上殿里去祷告。一个是法利赛人，一个是税吏。
Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.

18:11    法利赛人站着，自言自语的祷告说，神阿，我感谢你，我不像别人，勒索，不义，奸淫，也不像这个税吏。
The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.

18:12    我一个礼拜禁食两次，凡我所得的，都捐上十分之一。
I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess.

18:13    那税吏远远的站着，连举目望天也不敢，只捶着胸说，神阿，开恩可怜我这个罪人。
And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.

18:14    我告诉你们，这人回家去，比那人倒算为义了，因为凡自高的，必降为卑，自卑的，必升为高。
I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

18:15    有人抱着自己的婴孩，来见耶稣，要他摸他们，门徒看见就责备那些人。
And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.

18:16    耶稣却叫他们来，说，让小孩子倒我这里来，不要禁止他们，因为在神国的，正是这样的人
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

18:17    我实在告诉你们，凡要承受神国的，若不像小孩子，断不能进去。
Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein.

18:18    有一个官问耶稣说，善良的夫子，我该作什吗事，才可以承受永生。
And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?

18:19    耶稣对他说，你为什吗称我是良善的，除了神一位之外，再没有良善的。
And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.

18:20    诫命你是晓得的，不可奸淫，不可杀人，不可偷盗，不可作假见证，当孝敬父母。
Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother.

18:21    那人说，这一切我从小都遵守了。
And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.

18:22    耶稣听见了，就说，你还缺少一件，要变卖你一切所有的，分给穷人，就必有财宝在天上。你还要来跟从我。
Now when Jesus heard these things, he said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.

18:23    他听见这话，就甚忧愁，因为他很富足。
And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich.

18:24    耶稣看见他就说，有钱财的人进神的国，是何等的难哪。
And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!

18:25    骆驼穿过针的眼，比财主进神的国，还容易呢。
For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

18:26    听见的人说，这样，谁能得救呢。
And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?

18:27    耶稣说，在人所不能的事，在神却能。
And he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.

18:28    彼得说，看哪，我们已经撇下自己所有的跟从你了。
Then Peter said, Lo, we have left all, and followed thee.

18:29    耶稣说，我实在告诉你们，人为神的国，撇下房屋，或是妻子，弟兄，父母，儿女，
And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,

18:30    没有在今世不得百倍，在来世不得永生的。
Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting.

18:31    耶稣带着十二个门徒，对他们说，看哪，我们上耶路撒冷去，先知所写的一切事，都成就在人子身上。
Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.

18:32    他将要被交给外邦人，他们要戏弄他，凌辱他，吐唾沫在他脸上。
For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:

18:33    并要鞭打他，杀害他，第三日他要复活。
And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again.

18:34    这些事门徒一样也不懂得，意思乃是隐藏的，他们不晓得所说的是什吗。
And they understood none of these things: and this saying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken.

18:35    耶稣将近耶利哥的时候，有一个瞎子坐在路旁讨饭。
And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:

18:36    听见许多人经过，就问是什么事。
And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

18:37    他们告诉他，是拿撒勒人耶稣经过。
And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.

18:38    他就呼叫说，大卫的子孙耶稣阿，可怜我吧。
And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

18:39    在前头走的人，就责备他，不许他作声。他却越发喊叫说，大卫的子孙，可怜我吧。
And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

18:40    耶稣站住，吩咐把他领过来。到了跟前，就问他说，
And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,

18:41    你要我为你作什么。他说，主阿，我要能看见。
Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.

18:42    耶稣说，你可以看见。你的信救了你了。
And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

18:43    瞎子立刻看见了，就跟随耶稣，一路归荣耀与神。众人看见这事，也赞美神。
And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 19 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


19:1    耶稣进了耶利哥，正经过的时候，
And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.

19:2    有一个人名叫撒该，作税吏长，是个财主。
And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich.

19:3    他要看看耶稣是怎样的人。只因人多，他的身量又矮，所以不得看见。
And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature.

19:4    就跑到前头，爬上桑树，要看耶稣，因为耶稣必从那里经过。
And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he was to pass that way.

19:5    耶稣到了那里，抬头一看，对他说，撒该，快下来，今天我必住在你家里。
And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up, and saw him, and said unto him, Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for to day I must abide at thy house.

19:6    他就急忙下来，欢欢喜喜的接待耶稣。
And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.

19:7    众人看见，都私下议论说，他竟到罪人家里去住宿。
And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be guest with a man that is a sinner.

19:8    撒该站着，对主说，主阿，我把所有的一半给穷人。我若讹诈了谁，就还他四倍。
And Zacchaeus stood, and said unto the Lord; Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation, I restore him fourfold.

19:9    耶稣说，今天救恩到了这家，因为他也是亚伯拉罕的子孙。
And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.

19:10    人子来，为要寻梢拯救失丧的人。
For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.

19:11    众人正在听见这些话的时候，耶稣因为将近耶路撒冷，又因为他们以为神的国快要显出来，就另设一个比喻说，
And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.

19:12    有一个贵胄往远方去，要得国回来。
He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.

19:13    便叫了他的十个仆人来，交给他们十锭银子，锭原文作弥拿一弥拿约银十两说，你们去作生意，直等我回来。
And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.

19:14    他本国的人却恨他，打发使者随后去说，我们不愿意这个人作我们的王。
But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.

19:15    他既得国回来，就吩咐叫那领银子的仆人来，要知道他们作生意赚了多少。
And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.

19:16    头一个上来说，主阿，你的一锭银子，已经赚了十锭。
Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.

19:17    主人说，好良善的仆人。你既在最小的事上有忠心，可以有权柄管十座城。
And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful in a very little, have thou authority over ten cities.

19:18    第二个来说，主阿，你的一锭银子，已经赚了五锭。
And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.

19:19    主人说，你也可以管五座城。
And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.

19:20    又有一个来说，主阿，看哪，你的一锭银子在这里，我把他包在手巾里存着。
And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:

19:21    我原是怕你，因为你是严厉的人。没有放下的还要去拿，没有种下的还要去收。
For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.

19:22    主人对他说，你这恶仆，我要凭你的口，定你的罪。你既知道我是严厉的人，没有放下的还要去拿，没有种下的还要去收。
And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:

19:23    为什么不把我的银子交给银行，等我来的时候，连本带利都可以要回来呢。
Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?

19:24    就对旁边站着的人说，夺过他这一锭来，给那有十锭的。
And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.

19:25    他们说，主阿，他已经有十锭了。
(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)

19:26    主人说，我告诉你们，凡有的，还要加给他。没有的，连他所有的，也要夺过来。
For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.

19:27    至于我那些仇敌不要我作他们王的，把他们拉来，在我面前杀了吧。
But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.

19:28    耶稣说完了这话，就在前面走，上耶路撒冷去。
And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.

19:29    将近伯法其和伯大尼，在一座山名叫橄榄山那里。就打发两个门徒，说，
And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,

19:30    你们往对面村子里去。进去的时候，必看见一匹驴驹拴在那里，是从来没有人骑过的。可以解开牵来。
Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither.

19:31    有人问为什么解他，你们就说，主要用他。
And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him.

19:32    打发的人去了，所遇见的，正如耶稣所说的。
And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them.

19:33    他们解驴驹的时候，主人问他们说，解驴驹作什么。
And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt?

19:34    他们说，主要用他。
And they said, The Lord hath need of him.

19:35    他们牵到耶稣那里，把自己的衣服搭在上面，扶着耶稣骑上。
And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.

19:36    走的时候，众人把衣服铺在路上。
And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.

19:37    将近耶路撒冷，正下橄榄山的时候，众门徒因所见过的一切异能，都欢乐起来，大声赞美神，
And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;

19:38    说，奉主名来的王，是应当称颂的。在天上有和平，在至高之处有荣光。
Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.

19:39    众人中有几个法利赛人对耶稣说，夫子，责备你的门徒吧。
And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.

19:40    耶稣说，我告诉你们，若是他们闭口不说，这些石头必要呼叫起来。
And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.

19:41    耶稣快到耶路撒冷看见城，就为他哀哭，
And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,

19:42    说，巴不得你在这个日子，知道关系你平安的事。无奈这事现在是隐藏的，叫你的眼看不出来。
Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.

19:43    因为日子将到，你的仇敌必筑起土垒，周围环绕你，四面困住你，
For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,

19:44    并要扫灭你，和你里头的儿女，连一块石头也不留在石头上。因你不知道眷顾你的时候。
And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.

19:45    耶稣进了殿，赶出里头作买卖的人，
And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein, and them that bought;

19:46    对他们，经上说，我的殿，必作祷告的殿。你们倒使他成了贼窝了。
Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.

19:47    耶稣天天在殿里教训人。祭司长，和文士，与百姓的尊长，都想要杀他。
And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,

19:48    但寻不出法子来，因为百姓都侧耳听他。
And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very attentive to hear him.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 20 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


20:1    有一天耶稣在殿里教训百姓，讲福音的时候，祭司长和文士并长老上前来，
And it came to pass, that on one of those days, as he taught the people in the temple, and preached the gospel, the chief priests and the scribes came upon him with the elders,

20:2    问他说，你告诉我们，你仗着什么权柄作这些事，给你这权柄的是谁呢。
And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority?

20:3    耶稣回答说，我也要问你们一句话。你们且告诉我。
And he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me:

20:4    约翰的洗礼，是从天上来的，是从人间来的呢。
The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?

20:5    他们彼此商议说，我们若说从天上来，他必说你们为什么不信他呢。
And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then believed ye him not?

20:6    若说从人间来，百姓都要用石头打死我们。因为他们信约翰是先知。
But and if we say, Of men; all the people will stone us: for they be persuaded that John was a prophet.

20:7    于是回答说，不知道是从那里来的。
And they answered, that they could not tell whence it was.

20:8    耶稣说，我也不告诉你们，我仗着什么权柄作这些事。
And Jesus said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.

20:9    耶稣就设比喻，对百姓说，有人栽了一个葡萄园，租给园户，就往外国去住了许久。
Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to husbandmen, and went into a far country for a long time.

20:10    到了时候，打发一个仆人到园户那里去，叫他们把园中当纳的果子交给他。园户竟打了他，叫他空手回去。
And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen, that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard: but the husbandmen beat him, and sent him away empty.

20:11    又打发一个仆人去。他们也打了他，并且凌辱他，叫他空手回去。
And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.

20:12    又打发第三个仆人去。他们也打伤了他，把他推出去了。
And again he sent a third: and they wounded him also, and cast him out.

20:13    园主说，我怎吗办呢。我要打发我的爱子去。或者他们尊敬他。
Then said the lord of the vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be they will reverence him when they see him.

20:14    他不料，园户刻见他，就彼此商量说，这是承受产业的。我们杀他吧，使产业归于我们。
But when the husbandmen saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours.

20:15    于是把他推出葡萄园外杀了。这样，葡萄园的主人，要怎样处治他们呢。
So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?

20:16    他要求除灭这些园户，将葡萄园转给别人。听见的人说，这是万不可的。
He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid.

20:17    耶稣看着他们说，经上记着，匠人所弃的石头，已作了房角的头块石头。这是什么意思呢。
And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner?

20:18    凡掉在那石头上的，必要跌碎。那石头掉在谁的身上，就要把谁砸得稀烂。
Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.

20:19    文士和祭司长，看出这比喻是指着他们说的，当时就想要下手拿他。只是惧怕百姓。
And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him; and they feared the people: for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them.

20:20    于是窥探耶稣，打发奸细装作好人，要在他的话上得把柄，好将他交在巡抚的政权之下。
And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor.

20:21    奸细就问耶稣说，夫子，我们晓得你所讲所传都是正道，也不取人的外貌，乃是诚诚实实传神的道。
And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly, neither acceptest thou the person of any, but teachest the way of God truly:

20:22    我们纳税给凯撒，可以不可以。
Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar, or no?

20:23    耶稣看出他们的诡诈，就对他们说，
But he perceived their craftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt ye me?

20:24    拿一个银钱来给我看。这像和这号是谁的。他们说，是凯撒的。
Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar's.

20:25    耶稣说，这样，凯撒的物当归给凯撒，神的物当归给神。
And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's.

20:26    他扪当着百姓，在这话上得不着把柄。又希奇他的应对，就闭口无言了。
And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marvelled at his answer, and held their peace.

20:27    撒都该人常说没有复活的事。有几个来问耶稣说，
Then came to him certain of the Sadducees, which deny that there is any resurrection; and they asked him,

20:28    夫子，摩西为我们写着说，人若有妻无子就死了，他兄弟当娶他的妻，为哥哥生子立后。
Saying, Master, Moses wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die without children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.

20:29    有弟兄七人。第一个娶了妻，没有孩子死了。
There were therefore seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and died without children.

20:30    第二个，第三个，也娶过他。
And the second took her to wife, and he died childless.

20:31    那七个人，都娶过他，没有留下孩子就死了。
And the third took her; and in like manner the seven also: and they left no children, and died.

20:32    后来妇人也死了。
Last of all the woman died also.

20:33    这样当复活的时候，他是那一个的妻子呢。因为他们七个人都娶过他。
Therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them is she? for seven had her to wife.

20:34    耶稣说，这世界的人，有娶有嫁。
And Jesus answering said unto them, The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage:

20:35    惟有算为配得那世界，与从死里复活的人，也不娶也不嫁。
But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage:

20:36    因为他们不能再死。和天使一样。既是复活的人，就为神的儿子。
Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.

20:37    至于死人复活，摩西在荆棘篇上，称主是亚伯拉罕的神，以撒的神，雅各的神，就指示明白了。
Now that the dead are raised, even Moses shewed at the bush, when he calleth the Lord the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.

20:38    神原不是死人的神，乃是活人的神。因为在他那里，人都是活的。那里或作看来
For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him.

20:39    有几个文士说，夫子，你说得好。
Then certain of the scribes answering said, Master, thou hast well said.

20:40    以后他们不敢再问他什么。
And after that they durst not ask him any question at all.

20:41    耶稣对他们说，人怎吗说基督是大卫的子孙呢。
And he said unto them, How say they that Christ is David's son?

20:42    诗篇上，大卫自己说，主对我主说，你坐在我的右边，
And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,

20:43    等我使你的仇敌作你的脚凳。
Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.

20:44    大卫既称他为主，他怎吗又是大卫的子孙呢。
David therefore calleth him Lord, how is he then his son?

20:45    众百姓听的时候，耶稣对门徒说，
Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples,

20:46    你们要防备文士。他们好穿长衣游行，喜爱人在街市上问他们安，又喜爱会堂里的高位，筵席上的首座。
Beware of the scribes, which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts;

20:47    他们侵吞寡妇的家产，假意作很长的祷告。这些人要受更重的刑罚。
Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 21 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


21:1    耶稣抬头观看，见财主把捐项投在库里。
And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury.

21:2    又见一个穷寡妇，投了两个小钱。
And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites.

21:3    就说，我实在告诉你们。这穷寡妇，所投的比众人还多。
And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all:

21:4    因为众人都是自己有馀，拿出来投在捐项里。但这个寡妇是自己不足，把他一切养生的都投上了。
For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had.

21:5    有人谈论圣殿，是用美石和供物妆饰的。
And as some spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said,

21:6    耶稣就说，论到你们所看见的这一切，将来日子到了，在这里没有一块石头留在石头上，不被拆毁了。
As for these things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.

21:7    他们问他说，夫子，什么时候有这件事，这事将到的时候，有什么豫兆呢。
And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?

21:8    耶稣说，你们要谨慎，不要受迷惑，因为将来有好些人冒我的名来，说，我是基督，又说，时侯近了，你们不要跟从他们。
And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after them.

21:9    你们听见打仗和扰乱的事，不要惊惶，因为这些事必须先有，只是末期不能立时就到。
But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions, be not terrified: for these things must first come to pass; but the end is not by and by.

21:10    当时耶稣对他们说，民要攻打民，国要攻打国。
Then said he unto them, Nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom:

21:11    地要大大震动，多处必有饥荒瘟疫。又有可怕的异象，和大神迹，从天上显现。
And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.

21:12    但这一切的事以先，人要下手拿住你们，逼迫你们，把你们交给会堂，并且收在监里，又为我的名拉你们到君王诸侯面前。
But before all these, they shall lay their hands on you, and persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues, and into prisons, being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake.

21:13    但这些事终必为你们的见证。
And it shall turn to you for a testimony.

21:14    所以你们当立定心意，不要豫先思想怎样分诉。
Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what ye shall answer:

21:15    因为我必赐你们口才智慧，是你们一切敌人所敌不住，驳不倒的。
For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist.

21:16    连你们父母，弟兄，亲族，朋友，也要把你们交官。你们也有被他们害死的。
And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death.

21:17    你们要为我的名，被众人恨恶。
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake.

21:18    然而你们连一根头发，也必不损坏。
But there shall not an hair of your head perish.

21:19    你们常存忍耐，就必保全灵魂。或作必得生命
In your patience possess ye your souls.

21:20    你们看见耶路撒冷被兵围困，就可知道他成荒场的日子近了。
And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.

21:21    那时，在犹太的，应当逃到山上。在城里的，应当出来。在乡下的，不要进城。
Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto.

21:22    因为这是报应的日子，使经上所写的都得应验。
For these be the days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled.

21:23    当那些日子，怀孕的和奶孩子的有祸。因为将有大灾难降在这地方，也有震怒临到这百姓。
But woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck, in those days! for there shall be great distress in the land, and wrath upon this people.

21:24    他们要倒在刀下，又被掳到各国去，耶路撒冷要被外邦人践踏，直到外邦人的日期满了。
And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.

21:25    日月星辰要显出异兆。地上的邦国也有困苦。因海中波浪的响声，就慌慌不定。
And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;

21:26    天势都要震动。人想起那将要临到世界的事，就都吓得魂不附体。
Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.

21:27    那时，他们要看见人子，有能力，有大荣耀，驾云降临。
And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.

21:28    一有这些事，你们就当挺身昂首。因为你们得赎的日子近了。
And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.

21:29    耶稣又设比喻对他们说，你们看无花果树，和各样的树。
And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;

21:30    他发芽的时侯，你们一看见自然晓得夏天近了。
When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.

21:31    这样，你们看见这些事渐渐的成就，也该晓得神的国近了。
So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand.

21:32    我实在告诉你们，这时代还没有过去，这些事都要成就。
Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.

21:33    天地要废去，我的话却不能废去。
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

21:34    你们要谨慎，恐怕因贪食醉酒并今生的思虑，累住你们的心，那日子就如同纲罗忽然临到你们。
And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares.

21:35    因为那日子要这样临到全地上一切居住的人。
For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.

21:36    你们要时时儆醒，常常祈求，使你们能逃避这一切要来的事，得以站立在人子面前。
Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.

21:37    耶稣每日在殿里教训人，每夜出城在一座山，名叫橄榄山住宿。
And in the day time he was teaching in the temple; and at night he went out, and abode in the mount that is called the mount of Olives.

21:38    众百姓清早上圣殿，到耶稣那里，要听他讲道。
And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear him.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 22 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


22:1    除酵节，又名逾越节，近了。
Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Passover.

22:2    祭司长和文士，想法子怎吗才能杀害耶稣，是因为他们惧怕百姓。
And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him; for they feared the people.

22:3    这时，撒但入了那称为加略人犹大的心，他本是十二门徒里的一个，
Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve.

22:4    他去和祭司长并守殿官商量，怎吗可以把耶稣交给他们。
And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them.

22:5    他们欢喜，就约定给他银子。
And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money.

22:6    他应允了，就找机会要趁众人不在跟前的时候，把耶稣交给他们。
And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude.

22:7    除酵节，须宰逾越羊羔的那一天到了。
Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed.

22:8    耶稣打发彼得，约翰，说，你们去为我们豫备逾越节的筵席，好叫我们吃。
And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat.

22:9    他们问他说，要我们在那里豫备。
And they said unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare?

22:10    耶稣说，你们进了城，必有人拿着一瓶水迎面而来。你们就跟着他，到他所进的房子里去。
And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in.

22:11    对那家的主人说，夫子说，客房在那里，我与门徒好在那里吃逾越节的筵席。
And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?

22:12    他必指给你们摆设整齐的一间大楼，你们就在那里豫备。
And he shall shew you a large upper room furnished: there make ready.

22:13    他们去了，所遇见的，正如耶稣所说的。他们就豫备了逾越节的筵席）。
And they went, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.

22:14    时候到了，耶稣坐席，使徒也和他同坐。
And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him.

22:15    耶稣对他们说，我很愿意在受害以先，和你们吃这逾越节的筵席。
And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer:

22:16    我告诉你们，我不再吃这筵席，直到我成就在神的国里。
For I say unto you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God.

22:17    耶稣接过杯来，祝谢了，说，你们拿这个，大家分着喝。
And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves:

22:18    我告诉你们，从今以后，我不再喝这葡萄汁，直等神的国来到。
For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come.

22:19    又拿起饼来祝谢了，就擘开递给他们，说，这是我的身体，为你们舍的。你们也应当如此行，为的是记念我。
And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.

22:20    饭后也照样拿起杯来，说，这杯是用我血所立的新约，是为你们流出来的。
Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you.

22:21    看哪，那卖我之人的手，与我一同在桌子上。
But, behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table.

22:22    人子固然要照所豫定的去世。但卖人子的人有祸了。
And truly the Son of man goeth, as it was determined: but woe unto that man by whom he is betrayed!

22:23    他们就彼此对问，是那一个要作这事。
And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.

22:24    门徒起了争论，他们中间那一个可算为大。
And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.

22:25    耶稣说，外邦人有君王为主治理他们。那掌权管他们的称为恩主。
And he said unto them, The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors.

22:26    但你们不可这样。你们里头为大的，倒要像年幼的。为首领的，倒要像服事人的。
But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve.

22:27    是谁为大，是坐席的呢，是服事人的呢。不是坐席的大吗。然而我在你们中间，如同服事人的。
For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth.

22:28    我在磨炼之中，常和我同在的就是你们。
Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.

22:29    我将国赐给你们，正如我父赐给我一样。
And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me;

22:30    叫你们在我国里，坐在我的席上吃喝。并且坐在宝座上，审判以色列十二个支派。
That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.

22:31    主又说，西门，西门，撒但想要得着你们，好筛你们，像筛麦子一样。
And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:

22:32    但我已经为你们祈求，叫你不至于失了信心。你回头以后，要坚固你的弟兄。
But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren.

22:33    彼得说，主阿，我就是同你下监，同你受死，也是甘心。
And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death.

22:34    耶稣说，彼得，我告诉你，今日鸡还没有叫，你要三次说不认得我。
And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.

22:35    耶稣又对他们说，我差你们出去的时候，没有钱囊，没有口袋，没有鞋，你们缺少什么没有。他们说，没有。
And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing.

22:36    耶稣说，但如今有钱囊的可以带着，有口袋的也可以带着。没有刀的要卖衣服买刀。
Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one.

22:37    我告诉你们，经上写着说，他被列在罪犯之中。这话必应验在我身上，因为那关系我的事，必然成就。
For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end.

22:38    他们说，主阿，请看，这里有两把刀。耶稣说，壳了。
And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough.

22:39    耶稣出来，照常往橄榄山去。门徒也跟随他。
And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also followed him.

22:40    到了那地方，就对他们说，你们要祷告，免得入了迷惑。
And when he was at the place, he said unto them, Pray that ye enter not into temptation.

22:41    于是离开他们，约有扔一块石头那吗远，跪下祷告，
And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and kneeled down, and prayed,

22:42    说，父阿，你若愿意，就把这杯撤去。然而不要成就我的意思，只要成就你的意思。
Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.

22:43    有一位天使，从天上显现，加添他的力量。
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.

22:44    耶稣极其伤痛，祷告更加恳切。汗珠如大血点，滴在地上。
And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.

22:45    祷告完了，就起来，到门徒那里，见他们因为忧愁都睡着了。
And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow,

22:46    就对他们说，你们为什么睡觉呢。起来祷告，免得入了迷惑。
And said unto them, Why sleep ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.

22:47    说话之间，来了许多人，那十二个门徒里名叫犹大的，走在前头，就近耶稣，要与他亲嘴。
And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus to kiss him.

22:48    耶稣对他说，犹大，你用亲嘴的暗号卖人子吗。
But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man with a kiss?

22:49    左右的人见光景不好，就说，主阿，我们拿刀砍可以不可以。
When they which were about him saw what would follow, they said unto him, Lord, shall we smite with the sword?

22:50    内中有一个人，把大祭司的仆人砍了一刀，削掉了他的右耳。
And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear.

22:51    耶稣说，到了这个地步，由他们吧。就摸那人的耳朵，把他治好了。
And Jesus answered and said, Suffer ye thus far. And he touched his ear, and healed him.



22:52    耶稣对那些来拿他的祭司长，和守殿官，并长老，说，你们带着刀棒，出来拿我，如同拿强盗吗。
Then Jesus said unto the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?

22:53    我天天同你们在殿里，你们不下手拿我。现在却是你们的时候，黑暗掌权了。
When I was daily with you in the temple, ye stretched forth no hands against me: but this is your hour, and the power of darkness.

22:54    他们拿住耶稣，把他带到大祭司的宅里。彼得远远的跟着。
Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest's house. And Peter followed afar off.

22:55    他们在院子里生了火，一同坐着。彼得也坐在他们中间。
And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them.

22:56    有一个使女，看见彼得坐在火光里，就定睛看他，说，这个人素来也是同那人一夥的。
But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, and earnestly looked upon him, and said, This man was also with him.

22:57    彼得却不承认，说，女子，我不认得他。
And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not.

22:58    过了不多的时候，又有一各人看见他，说，你也是他们一党的。彼得说，你这个人，我不是。
And after a little while another saw him, and said, Thou art also of them. And Peter said, Man, I am not.

22:59    约过了一小时，又有一个人极力的说，他实在是同那人一夥的。因为他也是加利利人。
And about the space of one hour after another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this fellow also was with him: for he is a Galilaean.

22:60    彼得说，你这个人，我不晓得你说的是什么。正说话之间鸡就叫了。
And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew.

22:61    主转过身来，看彼得。彼得便想起主对他所说的话，今日鸡叫以先，你要三次不认我。
And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

22:62    他就出去痛哭。
And Peter went out, and wept bitterly.

22:63    看守耶稣的人戏弄他，打他，
And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him.

22:64    又蒙着他的眼睛问他说，你是先知，告诉我们，打你的是谁。
And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

22:65    他们还用别的话辱骂他。
And many other things blasphemously spake they against him.

22:66    天一亮，民间的众长老连祭司长带文士都聚会。把耶稣带到他们的公会里，
And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying,

22:67    说，你若是基督，就告诉我们。耶稣说，我告诉你们，你们也不信。
Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe:

22:68    我若问你们，你们也不回答。
And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go.

22:69    从今以后，人子要坐在神权能的右边。
Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God.

22:70    他们都说，这样，你是神的儿子吗。耶稣说，你们所说的是。
Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that I am.

22:71    他们说，何必再用见证呢。他亲口所说的，我们都亲自听见了。
And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 23 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　　


23:1    众人都起来，把耶稣解到彼拉多面前。
And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him unto Pilate.

23:2    就告他说，我们见这人诱惑国民，禁止纳税给凯撒，并说自己是基督，是王。
And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King.

23:3    彼拉多问耶稣说，你是犹太人的王吗。耶稣回答说，你说的是。
And Pilate asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answered him and said, Thou sayest it.

23:4    彼拉多对祭司长和众人说，我查不出这人有什么罪来。
Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.

23:5    但他们越发极力的说，他煽惑百姓，在犹太遍地传道，从加利利起，直到这里了。
And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning from Galilee to this place.

23:6    彼拉多一听见，就问这人是加利利人吗。
When Pilate heard of Galilee, he asked whether the man were a Galilaean.

23:7    既晓得耶稣属希律所管，就把他送到希律那里去。那时希律正在耶路撒冷。
And as soon as he knew that he belonged unto Herod's jurisdiction, he sent him to Herod, who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time.

23:8    希律看见耶稣，就很欢喜。因为听见过他的事，久已想要见他。并且指望看他行一件神迹。
And when Herod saw Jesus, he was exceeding glad: for he was desirous to see him of a long season, because he had heard many things of him; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by him.

23:9    于是问他许多的话。耶稣却一言不答。
Then he questioned with him in many words; but he answered him nothing.

23:10    祭司长和文士，都站着极力的告他。
And the chief priests and scribes stood and vehemently accused him.

23:11    希律和他的兵丁就藐视耶稣，戏弄他，给他穿上华丽衣服，把他送回彼拉多那里去。
And Herod with his men of war set him at nought, and mocked him, and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, and sent him again to Pilate.

23:12    从前希律和彼拉多彼此有仇。在那一天就成了朋友。
And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves.

23:13    彼拉多传齐了祭司长，和官府，并百姓，
And Pilate, when he had called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people,

23:14    就对他们说，你们解这人到我这里，说他是诱惑百姓的。看哪，我也曾将你们告他的事，在你们面前审问他，并没有查出他什么罪来。
Said unto them, Ye have brought this man unto me, as one that perverteth the people: and, behold, I, having examined him before you, have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him:

23:15    就是希律也是如此，所以把他送回来。可见他没有作什么该死的事。
No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you to him; and, lo, nothing worthy of death is done unto him.

23:16    故此我要责打他，把他释放了。有古卷在此有
I will therefore chastise him, and release him.

23:17    每逢这节期巡抚必须释放一个囚犯给他们
(For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast.)

23:18    众人却一齐喊着说，除掉这个人，释放巴拉巴给我们。
And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas:

23:19    这巴拉巴是因在城里作乱杀人下在监里的。
(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.)

23:20    彼拉多愿意释放耶稣，就又劝解他们。
Pilate therefore, willing to release Jesus, spake again to them.

23:21    无奈他们喊着说，钉他十字架，钉他十字架
But they cried, saying, Crucify him, crucify him.

23:22    彼拉多第三次对他们说，为什么呢，这人作了什么恶事呢，我并没有查出他什么该死的罪来。所以我要责打他，把他释放了。
And he said unto them the third time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, and let him go.



23:23    他们大声催逼彼拉多，求他把耶稣钉在十字架上。他们的声音就得了胜，
And they were instant with loud voices, requiring that he might be crucified. And the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed.

23:24    彼拉多这才照他们所求的定案。
And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required.

23:25    把他们所求的那作乱杀人下在监里的，释放了。把耶稣交给他们，任凭他们的意思行。
And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will.

23:26    带耶稣去的时候，有一个古利奈人西门，从乡下来。他们就抓住他，把十字架搁在他身上，叫他背着跟随耶稣。
And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.

23:27    有许多百姓，跟随耶稣，内中有好些妇女，妇女们为他号？？痛哭。
And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him.

23:28    耶稣转身对他们说，耶路撒冷的女子，不要为我哭，当为自己和自己的儿女哭。
But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.

23:29    因为日子要到，人必说，不生育的，和未会怀胎的，未曾乳养婴孩的，有福了。
For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.

23:30    那时，人要向大山说，倒在我们身上。向小山说，遮盖我们。
Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us.

23:31    这些事既行在有汁水的树上，那枯乾的树，将来怎吗样呢。
For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?

23:32    又有两个犯人，和耶稣一同带来处死。
And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.

23:33    到了一个地方，名叫髑髅地，就在那里把耶稣钉在十字架上，又钉了两个犯人，一个在左边，一个在右边。
And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.

23:34    当下耶稣说，父阿，赦免他们。因为他们所作的，他们不晓得。兵丁就拈阄分他的衣服。
Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.

23:35    百姓站在那里观看。官府也嗤笑他说，他救了别人。他若是基督，神所拣选的，可以救自己吧。
And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.

23:36    兵丁也戏弄他，上前拿醋送给他喝，
And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar,

23:37    说，你若是犹太人的王，可以救自己吧。
And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself.

23:38    在耶稣以上有一个牌子，有古卷在此有用希腊罗马希伯来的文字写着，这是犹太人的王。
And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.

23:39    那同钉的两个犯人，有一个讥诮他说，你不是基督吗。可以救自己和我们吧。
And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.

23:40    那一个就应声责备他说，你既是一样受刑的，还不怕神吗。
But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?

23:41    我们是应该的。因为我们所受的，与我们所作的相称。但这个人没有作过一件不好的事。
And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.

23:42    就说，耶稣阿，你得国降临的时候，求你记念我。
And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.

23:43    耶稣对他说，我实在告诉你，今日你要同我在乐园里了。
And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.

23:44    那时约有午正，遍地都黑暗了，直到申初，
And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.

23:45    日头变黑了。殿里的幔子从当中裂为两半。
And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst.

23:46    耶稣大声喊着说，父阿，我将我的灵魂交在你手里。说了这话，气就断了。
And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.

23:47    百夫长看见所成的事，就归荣耀与神说，这真是个义人。
Now when the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.



23:48    聚集观看的众人，见了这所成的事，都捶着胸回去了。
And all the people that came together to that sight, beholding the things which were done, smote their breasts, and returned.

23:49    还有一切与耶稣熟识的人，和从加利利跟着他来的妇女们，都远远的站着，看着这些事。
And all his acquaintance, and the women that followed him from Galilee, stood afar off, beholding these things.

23:50    有一个人名叫约瑟，是个议士，为人善良公义。
And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just:

23:51    众人所谋所为，他并没有附从。他本是犹太亚利马太城里素常盼望神国的人。
(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God.

23:52    这人去见彼拉多，求耶稣的身体。
This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus.

23:53    就取下来用细麻布裹好，安放在石头凿成的坟墓里，那里头从来没有葬过人。
And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid.

23:54    那日是豫备日，安息日也快到了。
And that day was the preparation, and the sabbath drew on.

23:55    那些从加利利和耶稣同来的妇女，跟在后面，看见了坟墓，和他的身体怎样安放。
And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid.

23:56    他们就回去，豫备了香料香膏。他们在安息日，便遵着诫命安息了。
And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the sabbath day according to the commandment.




新约 -- 路加福音(Luke) -- 第 24 章 ( 本篇共有 24 章 )    　


24:1    七日的头一日，黎明的时候，那些妇女带着所豫备的香料，来到坟墓前。
Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.

24:2    看见石头已经从坟墓辊开了。
And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre.

24:3    他们就进去，只是不见主耶稣的身体。
And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.

24:4    正在猜疑之间，忽然有两个人站在旁边。衣服放光。
And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:

24:5    妇女们惊怕，将脸伏地。那两个人就对他们说，为什么在死人中找活人呢。
And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead?

24:6    他不在这里，已经复活了。当记念他还在加利利的时候，怎样告诉你们，
He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee,

24:7    说，人子必须被交在罪人手里，钉在十字架上，第三日复活。
Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.

24:8    他们就想起耶稣的话来，
And they remembered his words,

24:9    便从坟墓那里回去，把这一切事告诉十一个使徒和其馀的人。
And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest.

24:10    那告诉使徒的，就是抹大拉的马利亚，和约亚拿，并雅各的母亲马利亚，还有与他们在一处的妇女。
It was Mary Magdalene, and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things unto the apostles.

24:11    他们这些话，使徒以为是胡言，就不相信。
And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not.

24:12    彼得起来，跑到坟墓前，低头往里看，见细麻布独在一处，就回去了，心里希奇所成的事。
Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass.

24:13    正当那日，门徒中有两个人往一个村子去，这村子名叫以马忤斯，离耶路撒冷约有二十五里。
And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.

24:14    他们彼此谈论所遇见的这一切事。
And they talked together of all these things which had happened.

24:15    正谈论相问的时候，耶稣亲自就近他们，和他们同行。
And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.



24:16    只是他们的眼睛迷糊了，不认识他。
But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.

24:17    耶稣对他们说，你们走路彼此谈论的是什么事呢。他们就站住，脸上带着愁容。
And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?



24:18    二人中有一个名叫革流巴的，回答说，你在耶路撒冷作客，还不知道这几天在那里所出的事吗。
And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?

24:19    耶稣说，什么事呢。他们说，就是拿撒勒人耶稣的事。他是个先知，在神和众百姓面前，说话行事都有大能。
And he said unto them, What things? And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:

24:20    祭司长和我们的官府，竟把他解去定了死罪，钉在十字架上。
And how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him.

24:21    但我们素来所盼望要赎以色列民的就是他。不但如此，而且这事成就，现在已经三天了。
But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel: and beside all this, to day is the third day since these things were done.

24:22    再者，我们中间有几个妇女使我们惊奇，他们清早到了坟墓那里。
Yea, and certain women also of our company made us astonished, which were early at the sepulchre;

24:23    不见他的身体，就回来告诉我们说，看见了天使显现，说他活了。
And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive.

24:24    又有我们的几个人，往坟墓那里去，所遇见的，正如妇女们所说的，只是没有看见他。
And certain of them which were with us went to the sepulchre, and found it even so as the women had said: but him they saw not.

24:25    耶稣对他们说，无知的人哪，先知所说的一切话，你们的心，信得太迟钝了。
Then he said unto them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken:

24:26    基督这样受害，又进入他的荣耀，岂不是应当的吗。
Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory?

24:27    于是从摩西和众先知起，凡经上所指着自己的话，都给他们讲解明白了。
And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.

24:28    将近他们所去的村子，耶稣好像还要往前行
And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.

24:29    他们却强留他说，时候晚了，日头已经平西了，请你同我住下吧。耶稣就进去，要同他们住下。
But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.

24:30    到了坐席的时候，耶稣拿起饼来，祝谢了，擘开，递给他们。
And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them.

24:31    他们的眼睛明亮了，这才认出他来。忽然耶稣不见了。
And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.

24:32    他们彼此说，在路上，他和我们说话，给我们讲解圣经的时候，我们的心岂不是火热的吗。
And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

24:33    他们就立时起身，回耶路撒冷去，正遇见十一个使徒，和他们的同人，聚集在一处。
And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,

24:34    说，主果然复活，已经现给西门看了。
Saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and hath appeared to Simon.



24:35    两个人就把路上所遇见，和擘饼的时候怎样被他们认出来的事，都述说了一遍。
And they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known of them in breaking of bread.

24:36    正说这话的时候，耶稣亲自站在他们当中，说，愿你们平安。
And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.

24:37    他们却惊慌害怕，以为所看见的是魂。
But they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit.

24:38    耶稣说，你们为什么愁烦。为什么心里起疑念呢。
And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?

24:39    你们看我的手，我的脚，就知道实在是我了。摸我看看。魂无骨无肉，你们看我是有的。
Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.

24:40    说了这话，就把手和脚给他们看。
And when he had thus spoken, he shewed them his hands and his feet.

24:41    他们正喜得不敢信，并且希奇，耶稣就说，你们这里有什么吃的没有。
And while they yet believed not for joy, and wondered, he said unto them, Have ye here any meat?

24:42    他们便给他一片烧鱼。有古卷在此有和一块蜜房
And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb.

24:43    他接过来，在他们面前吃了。
And he took it, and did eat before them.

24:44    耶稣对他们说，这就是我从前与你们同在之时，所告诉你们的话，说，摩西的律法，先知的书，和诗篇上所记的，凡指着我的话，都必须应验。
And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me.

24:45    于是耶稣开他们的心窍，使他们能明白圣经。
Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,

24:46    又对他们说，照经上所写的，基督必受害，第三日从死里复活。
And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day:

24:47    并且人要奉他的名传悔改赦罪的道，从耶路撒冷起直传到万邦。
And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.

24:48    你们就是这些事的见证。
And ye are witnesses of these things.

24:49    我要将我父所应许的降在你们身上。你们要在城里等候，直到你们领受从上头来的能力。
And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.

24:50    耶稣领他们到伯大尼的对面，就举手给他们祝福。
And he led them out as far as to Bethany, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them.

24:51    正祝福的时候，他就离开他们，被带到天上去了。
And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.

24:52    他们就拜他，大大的欢喜，回耶路撒冷去。
And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy:

24:53    常在殿里称颂神。
And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.






新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　


1:1    太初有道，道与神同在，道就是神。
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

1:2    这道太初与神同在。
The same was in the beginning with God.

1:3    万物是藉着他造的。凡被造的，没有一样不是藉着他造的。
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.

1:4    生命在他里头。这生命就是人的光。
In him was life; and the life was the light of men.

1:5    光照在黑暗里，黑暗却不接受光。
And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.

1:6    有一个人，是从神那里差来的，名叫约翰。
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.

1:7    这人来，为要作见证，就是为光作见证，叫众人因他可以信。
The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.

1:8    他不是那光，乃是要为光作见证。
He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.

1:9    那光是真光，照亮一切生在世上的人。
That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.

1:10    他在世界，世界也是藉着他造的，世界却不认识他。
He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

1:11    他到自己的地方来，自己的人倒不接待他。
He came unto his own, and his own received him not.

1:12    凡接待他的，就是信他名的人，他就赐他们权柄，作神的儿女。
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

1:13    这等人不是从血气生的，不是从情欲生的，也不是从人意生的，乃是从神生的。
Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.

1:14    道成了肉身住在我们中间，充充满满的有恩典有真理。我们也见过他的荣光，正是父独生子的荣光。
And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

1:15    约翰为他作见证，喊着说，这就是我曾说，那在我以后来的，反成了在我以前的。因他本来在我以前。
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.

1:16    从他丰满的恩典里我们都领受了，而且恩上加恩。
And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.

1:17    律法本是藉着摩西传的，恩典和真理，都是由耶稣基督来的。
For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.

1:18    从来没有人看见神。只有在父怀里的独生子将他表明出来。
No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.

1:19    约翰所作的见证，记在下面。犹太人从耶路撒冷差祭司和利未人到约翰那里，问他说，你是谁。
And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?

1:20    他就明说，并不隐瞒。明说，我不是基督。
And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.

1:21    他们又问他说，这样你是谁呢，是以利亚吗。他说，我不是。是那先知吗，他回答说，不是。
And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No.

1:22    于是他们说，你到底是谁，叫我们好回覆差我们来的人。你自己说，你是谁。
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?

1:23    他说，我就是那在旷野有人声喊着说，修直主的道路，正如以赛亚所说的。
He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.

1:24    那些人是法利赛人差来的。（或作那差来的是法利赛人）
And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.

1:25    他们就问他说，你既不是基督，不是以利亚，也不是那先知，为什么施洗呢。
And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?

1:26    约翰回答说，我是用水施洗，但有一位站在你们中间，是你们不认识的，
John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;

1:27    就是那在我以后来的，我给他解鞋带，也不配。
He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.

1:28    这是在约旦河外，伯大尼，（有古卷作伯大巴喇）约翰施洗的地方作的见证。
These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.

1:29    次日，约翰看见耶稣来到他那里，就说，看哪，神的羔羊，除去（或作背负）世人罪孽的。
The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.

1:30    这就是我曾说，有一位在我以后来，反成了在我以前的。因他本来在我以前。
This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.

1:31    我先前不认识他，如今我用水施洗，为要叫他显明给以色列人。
And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.

1:32    约翰又作见证说，我曾看见圣灵，彷佛鸽子从天降下，住在他的身上。
And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.

1:33    我先前不认识他。只是那差我来用水施洗的，对我说，你看见圣灵降下来，住在谁的身上，谁就是用圣灵施洗的。
And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.

1:34    我看见了，就证明这是神的儿子。
And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God.

1:35    再次日，约翰同两个门徒站在那里。
Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;

1:36    他见约稣行走，就说，看哪，这是神的羔羊。
And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!



1:37    两个门徒听见他的话，就跟从了耶稣。
And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.

1:38    耶稣转过身来，看见见他们跟着，就问他们说，你们要什么。他们说，拉比，在那里住。（拉比翻出来，就是夫子
Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?

1:39    耶稣说，你们来看。他们就去看他在那里住，这一天便与他同住，那时约有申正了。
He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.



1:40    听见约翰的话，跟从耶稣的那两个人，一个是西门彼得的兄弟安得烈。
One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.

1:41    他先找着自己的哥哥西门，对他说，我们遇见弥赛亚了，（弥赛亚翻出来，就是基督）
He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.

1:42    于是领他去见耶稣。耶稣看见他说，你是约翰的儿子西门，（约翰马太十六十七节称约拿）你要称为矶法。（矶法翻出来，就是彼得）
And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

1:43    又次日，耶稣想要往加利利去，遇见腓力，就对他说，来跟从我吧。
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.

1:44    这腓力是伯赛大人，和安得烈同城。
Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.

1:45    腓力找着拿但业，对他说，摩西在律法上所写的，和众先知所记的那一位，我们遇见了，就是约瑟的儿子拿撒勒人耶稣。
Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

1:46    拿但业对他说，拿撒勒还能出什么好的吗。腓力说，你来看。
And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

1:47    耶稣看见拿但业来，就指着他说，看哪，这是个真以色列人，他心里是没有诡诈的。
Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

1:48    拿但业对耶稣说，你从那里知道我呢。耶稣回答说，腓力还没有招呼你，你在无花果树底下，我就看见你了。
Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

1:49    拿但业说，拉比，你是神的儿子，你是以色列的王。
Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

1:50    耶稣对他说，因为我说在无花果树底下看见你，你就信吗。你将要看见比这更大的事。
Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.

1:51    又说，我实实在在的告诉你们，你们将要看见天开了，神的使者上去下来在人子身上。
And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


2:1    第三日，在加利利的迦拿有娶亲的筵席。耶稣的母亲在那里。
And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:

2:2    耶稣和他的门徒也被请去赴席。
And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.

2:3    酒用尽了，耶稣的母亲对他说，他们没有酒了。
And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.

2:4    耶稣说，母亲，（原文作妇人）我与你有什么相干。我的时候还没有到。
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.

2:5    他母亲对用人说，他告诉你们什么，你们就作什么。
His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.

2:6    照犹太人洁净的规矩，有六口缸摆在那里，每口可以盛两三桶水。
And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.

2:7    耶稣对用人说，把缸倒满了水。他们就倒满了，直到缸口。
Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.

2:8    耶稣又说，现在可以舀出来，送给管筵席的。他们就送了去。
And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it.

2:9    管筵席尝了那水变的酒，并不知道是那里来的，只有舀水的用人知道。管筵席的便叫新郎来。
When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,

2:10    对他说，人都是先摆上好酒。等客喝足了，才摆上次的。你倒把好酒留到如今。
And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now.

2:11    这是耶稣所行的头一件神迹，是在加利利的迦拿行的，显出他的荣耀来。他的门徒就信他了。
This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him.

2:12    这事以后，耶稣与他的母亲弟兄和门徒，都下迦百农去。在那里住了不多几日。
After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days.

2:13    犹太人的逾越节近了，耶稣就上耶路撒冷去。
And the Jews' passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem,

2:14    看见殿里有卖牛羊鸽子的，并有兑换银钱的人，坐在那里。
And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting:

2:15    耶稣就拿绳子作成鞭子，把牛羊都赶出殿去。倒出兑换银钱之人的银钱，推翻他们的桌子。
And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables;

2:16    又对卖鸽子的说，把这些东西拿去。不要将我父的殿，当作买卖的地方。
And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father's house an house of merchandise.

2:17    他的门徒就想起经上记着说，我为你的殿，心里焦急，如同火烧。
And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up.

2:18    因此，犹太人问他说，你既作这些事，还显什么神迹给我们看呢。
Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?

2:19    耶稣回答说，你们拆毁这殿，我三日内要再建立起来。
Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.

2:20    犹太人便说，这殿是四十六年才造成的，你三日内就再建立起来吗。
Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days?

2:21    但耶稣这话，是以他的身体为殿。
But he spake of the temple of his body.

2:22    所以到他从死里复活以后，门徒就想起他说过这话，便信了圣经和耶稣所说的。
When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them; and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.

2:23    当耶稣在耶路撒冷过逾越节的时候，有许多人看见他所行的神迹，就信了他的名。
Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did.

2:24    耶稣却不将自己交托他们，因为他知道万人。
But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men,

2:25    也用不着谁见证人怎样。因他知道人心里所存的。
And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


3:1    有一个法利赛人，名叫尼哥底母，是犹太人的官。
There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:

3:2    这人夜里来见耶稣，说，拉比，我们知道你是由神那里来作师傅的。因为你所行的神迹，若没有神同在，无人能行。
The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.

3:3    耶稣回答说，我实实在在的告诉你，人若不重生，就不能见神的国。
Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

3:4    尼哥底母说，人已经老了，如何能重生呢。岂能再进母腹生出来吗。
Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?

3:5    耶稣说，我实实在在的告诉你，人若不是从水和圣灵生的，就不能进神的国。
Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

3:6    从肉身生的，就是肉身。从灵生的，就是灵。
That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.

3:7    我说，你们必须重生，你不要以为希奇。
Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.

3:8    风随着意思吹，你听见风的响声，却不晓得从那里来，往那里去。凡从圣灵生的，也是如此。
The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.

3:9    尼哥底母问他说，怎能有这事呢。
Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?

3:10    耶稣回答说，你是以色列人的先生，还不明白这事吗。
Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?

3:11    我实实在在的告诉你，我们所说的，是我们知道的，我们所见证的，是我们见过的。你们却不领受我们的见证。
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.



3:12    我对你们说地上的事，你门尚且不信，若说天上的事，如何能信呢。
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?

3:13    除了从天降下仍旧在天的人子，没有人升过天。
And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.

3:14    摩西在旷野怎样举蛇，人子也必照样被举起来。
And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:

3:15    叫一切信他的都得永生。（或作叫一切信的人在他里面得永生）
That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.

3:16    神爱世人，甚至将他的独生子赐给他们，叫一切信他的，不至灭亡，反得永生。
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

3:17    因为神差他的儿子降世，不是要定世人的罪，（或作审判世人下同）乃是要叫世人因他得救。
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.

3:18    信他的人，不被定罪。不信的人，罪已经定了，因为他不信神独生子的名。
He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

3:19    光来到世间，世人因自己的行为是恶的，不爱光倒爱黑暗，定他们的罪就是在此。
And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.

3:20    凡作恶的便恨光，并不来就光，恐怕他的行为受责备。
For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.

3:21    但行真理的必来就光，要显明他所行的是靠神而行。
But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.

3:22    这事以后，耶稣和门徒到了犹太地，在那里居住施洗。
After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.

3:23    约翰在靠近撒冷的哀嫩也施洗，因为那里水多。众人都去受洗。
And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.

3:24    那时约翰还没有下在监里。
For John was not yet cast into prison.

3:25    约翰的门徒，和一个犹太人辩论洁净的礼。
Then there arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews about purifying.

3:26    就来见约翰说，拉比，从前同你在约旦河外，你所见证的那位，现在施洗，众人都往他那里去。
And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him.

3:27    约翰说，若不是从天上赐的，人就不能得什么。
John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven.

3:28    我曾说，我不是基督，是奉差遣在他前面的，你们可以给我作见证。
Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.

3:29    娶新妇的，就是新郎。新郎的朋友站着听见新郎的声音就甚喜乐。故此我这喜乐满足了。
He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom's voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.

3:30    他必兴旺，我必衰微。
He must increase, but I must decrease.

3:31    从天上来的，是在万有之上。从地上来的，是属乎地，他所说的，也是属乎地从天上来的，是在万有之上。
He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.

3:32    他将所见所闻的见证出来，只是没有人领受他的见证。
And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony.

3:33    那领受他见证的，就印上印，证明神是真的。
He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.

3:34    神所差来的，就说神的话。因为神赐圣灵给他，是没有限量的。
For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

3:35    父爱子，已将万有交在他手里。
The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.

3:36    信子的人有永生。不信子的人得不着永生，（原文作不得见永生）神的震怒常在他身上。
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


4:1    主知道法利赛人听见他收门徒施洗比约翰还多，
When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,

4:2    （其实不是耶稣亲自施洗，乃是他的门徒施洗）
(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)

4:3    他就离了犹太，又往加利利去。
He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.

4:4    必须经过撒玛利亚。
And he must needs go through Samaria.

4:5    于是到了撒玛利亚的一座城，名叫叙加，靠近雅各给他儿子约瑟的那块地。
Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.

4:6    在那里有雅各井。耶稣因走路困乏，就坐在井旁。那时约有午正。
Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.

4:7    有一个撒玛利亚的妇人来打水。耶稣对他说，请你给我水喝。
There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

4:8    那时门徒进城买食物去了。
(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

4:9    撒玛利亚的妇人对他说，你既是犹太人，怎吗向我一个撒玛列亚妇人要水喝呢。原来犹太人和撒玛利亚人没有来往。
Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

4:10    耶稣回答说，你若知道神的恩赐，和对你说给我水喝的是谁，你必早求他，他也必早给了你活水。
Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

4:11    妇人说，先生没有打水的器具，井又深，你从那里得活水呢。
The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

4:12    我们的祖宗雅各，将这井留给我们。他自己和儿子并牲畜，也都喝这井里的水，难道你比他还大吗。
Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?

4:13    耶稣回答说，凡喝这水的，还要再渴。
Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:

4:14    人若喝我所赐的水就永远不渴。我所赐的水，要在他里头成为泉源，直涌到永生。
But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.

4:15    妇人说，先生，请把这水赐给我，叫我不渴，也不用来这吗远打水。
The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.

4:16    耶稣说，你去叫你丈夫也到这里来。
Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

4:17    妇人说，我没有丈夫。耶稣说，你说没有丈夫，是不错的。
The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

4:18    你已经有五个丈夫。你现在有的，并不是你的丈夫。你这话是真的。
For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

4:19    妇人说，先生，我看出你是先知。
The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

4:20    我们的祖宗在这山上礼拜。你们倒说，应当礼拜的地方是在耶路撒冷。
Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.

4:21    耶稣说，妇人，你当信我，时候将到，你们拜父，也不在这山上，也不在耶路撒冷。
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.

4:22    你们所拜的，你们不知道。我们所拜的，我们知道。因为救恩是从犹太人出来的。
Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.

4:23    时候将到，如今就是了，那真正拜父的，
But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.

4:24    神是个灵（或无个字）所以拜他的，必须用心灵和诚实拜他。
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.

4:25    妇人说，我知道弥赛亚，（就是那称为基督的）要来。他来了，必将一切的事都告诉我们。
The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

4:26    耶稣说，这和你说话的就是他。
Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

4:27    当下门徒回来，就希奇耶稣和一个妇人说话。只是没有人说，你是要什么。或说，你为什么和他说话。
And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

4:28    那妇人就留下水罐子，往城里去，对众人说，
The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

4:29    你们来看，有一个人将我素来所行的一切事，都给我说出来了，莫非这就是基督吗。
Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

4:30    众人就出城往耶稣那里去。
Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.

4:31    这其间，门徒对耶稣说，拉比请吃。
In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.

4:32    耶稣说，我有食物吃，是你们不知道的。
But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of.

4:33    门徒就彼此对问说，莫非有人拿什么给他吃吗。
Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat?

4:34    耶稣说，我的食物，就是遵行差我来者的旨意，作成他的工。
Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.

4:35    你们岂不说，到收割的时候，还有四个月吗。我告诉你们，举目向田观看，庄稼已经熟了，（原文作发白）可以收割了。
Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.

4:36    收割的人得工价，积畜五谷到永生。叫撒种的和收割的一同快乐。
And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.

4:37    俗语说，那人撒种，这人收割，这话可见是真的。
And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth.

4:38    我差你们去收你们所没有劳苦的。别人劳苦，你们享受他们所劳苦的。
I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours.

4:39    那城里有好些撒玛利亚人信了耶稣，因为那妇人作见证说，他将我素来所行的一切事，都给我说出来了。
And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.

4:40    于是撒玛利亚人来见耶稣，求他在他们那里住下。他便在那里住了两天。
So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days.

4:41    因耶稣的话，信的人就更多了。
And many more believed because of his own word;

4:42    便对妇人说，现在我们信，不是因为你的话，是我们亲自见了，知道这真是救世主。
And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world.

4:43    过了那两天，耶稣离了那地方，往加利利去。
Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee.

4:44    因为耶稣自己作见证说，先知在本地是没有人尊敬的。
For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country.

4:45    到了加利利，加利利人既然看见他在耶路撒冷过节所行的一切事，就接待他。因为他们也是上去过节。
Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast.

4:46    耶稣又到了加利利的迦拿，就是他从前变水为酒的地方。有一个大臣，他的儿子在迦百农患病。
So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum.

4:47    他听见耶稣从犹太到了加利利，就来见他，求他下去医治他的儿子。因为他儿子快要死了。
When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death.

4:48    耶稣就对他说，若不看见神迹奇事，你们总是不信。
Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe.

4:49    那大臣说，先生，求你趁着我的孩子还没有死，就下去。
The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die.

4:50    耶稣对他说，回去吧。你的儿子活了。那人信耶稣所说的话，就回去了。
Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way.

4:51    正下去的时候，他的仆人迎见他，说，他的儿子活了。
And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth.

4:52    他就问什么时候见好的。他们说，昨日未时热就退了。
Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.

4:53    他便知道这正是耶稣对他说，你的儿子活了的时候，他自己全家就都信了。
So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house.

4:54    这是耶稣在加利利行的第二件神迹，是他从犹太回去以后行的。
This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


5:1    这事以后，到了犹太的一个节期。耶稣就上耶路撒冷去。
After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.



5:2    在耶路撒冷，靠近羊门，有一个池子，希伯来话叫作毕士大，旁边有五个廊子。
Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

5:3    里面躺着瞎眼的，瘸腿的，血气枯乾的，许多病人。（有古卷在此有等候水动
In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

5:4    因为有天使按时下池搅动那水，水动之后，谁先下去，无论什么病，就痊愈了）。
For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

5:5    在那里有一个人，病了三十八年。
And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

5:6    耶稣看见他躺着，知道他病了许久，就问他说，你要痊愈吗。
When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

5:7    病人回答说，先生，水动的时候，没有人把我放在池子里。我正去的时候，就有别人比我先下去。
The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

5:8    耶稣对他说，起来，拿你的褥子走吧。
Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

5:9    那人立刻痊愈，就拿起褥子走了。
And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

5:10    那天是安息日，所以犹太人对那医好的人说，今天是安息日，你拿褥子是不可以的。
The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.

5:11    他却回答说，那使我痊愈的，对我说，拿你的褥子走吧。
He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.

5:12    他们问他说，对你说拿褥子走的，是什么人。
Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?

5:13    那医好的人不知道是谁。因为那里的人多，耶稣已经躲开了。
And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.

5:14    后来耶稣在殿里遇见他，对他说，你已经痊愈了。不要再犯罪。恐怕你遭遇的更加利害。
Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

5:15    那人就去告诉犹太人，使他痊愈的是耶稣。
The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.

5:16    所以犹太人逼迫耶稣，因为他在安息日作了这事。
And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.

5:17    耶稣就对他们说，我父作事到如今，我也作事。
But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

5:18    所以犹太人越发想要杀他。因他不但犯了安息日，并且称神为他的父，将自己和神当作平等。
Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.

5:19    耶稣对他们说，我实实在在的告诉你们，子凭着自己不能作什么，惟有看见父所作的，子才能作。父所作的事，子也照样作。
Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

5:20    爱子，将自己所作的一切事指给他看。还要将比这更大的事指给他看，叫你们希奇。
For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.

5:21    父怎样叫死人起来，使他们活着，子也照样随自己的意思使人活着。
For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will.

5:22    父不审判什么人，乃将审判的事全交与子。
For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:

5:23    叫人都尊敬子，如同尊敬父一样。不尊敬子的，就是不尊敬差子来的父。
That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him.

5:24    我实实在在的告诉你们，那听我话，又信差我来者的，就有永生，不至于定罪，是已经出死入生了。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

5:25    我实实在在的告诉你们，时候将到，现在就是了，死人要听见神儿子的声音。听见的人就要活了。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.

5:26    因为父怎样在自己有生命，就赐给他儿子也照样在自己有生命。
For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;

5:27    并且因为他是人子，就赐给他行审判的权柄。
And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man.

5:28    你们不要把这事看作希奇。时候要到，凡在坟墓里的，都要听见他的声音，就出来。
Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,

5:29    行善的复活得生，作恶的复活定罪。
And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.

5:30    我凭着自己不能作什么。我怎吗听见，就怎吗审判。我的审判也是公平的。因为我不求自己的意思，只求那差我来者的意思。
I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.

5:31    我若为自己作见证，我的见证就不真。
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.

5:32    另有一位给我作见证。我也知道他给我作的见证是真的。
There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.

5:33    你们曾差人到约翰那里，他为真理作过见证。
Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth.

5:34    其实我所受的见证，不是从人来的。然而我说这些话，为要叫你们得救。
But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.

5:35    约翰是点着的明灯。你们情愿暂时喜欢他的光。
He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.

5:36    但我有比约翰更大的见证。因为父交给我要我成就的事，就是我所作的事，这便见证我是父所差来的。
But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me.

5:37    差我来的父，也为我作过见证。你们从来没有听见他的声音，也没有看见他的形像。
And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.

5:38    你们并没有他的道存在心里。因为他所差来的，你们不信。
And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not.

5:39    你们查考圣经。（或作应当查考圣经）因你们以为内中有永生。给我作见证的就是这经。
Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

5:40    然而你们不肯到我这里来得生命。
And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.

5:41    我不受从人来的荣耀。
I receive not honour from men.

5:42    但我知道你们心里，没有神的爱。
But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you.

5:43    我奉我父的名来，你们并不接待我。若有别人奉自己的名来，你们倒要接待他。
I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive.

5:44    你们要互相受荣耀，却不求从独一之神来的荣耀，怎能信我呢。
How can ye believe, which receive honour one of another, and seek not the honour that cometh from God only?

5:45    不要想我在父面前要告你们。有一位告你们的，就是你们所仰赖的摩西。
Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust.

5:46    你们如果信摩西，也必信我。因为他书上有指着我写的话。
For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me: for he wrote of me.



5:47    你们若不信他的书，怎能信我的话呢。
But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


6:1    这事以后，耶稣渡过加利利海，就是提比哩亚海。
After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias.

6:2    有许多人，因为看见他在病人身上所行的神迹，就跟随他。
And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased.

6:3    耶稣上了山，和门徒一同坐在那里。
And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.

6:4    那时犹太人的逾越节近了。
And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh.

6:5    耶稣举目看见许多人来，就对腓力说，我们从那里买饼叫这些人吃呢。
When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?

6:6    他说这话，是要试验腓力。他自己原知道要怎样行。
And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do.

6:7    腓力回答说，就是二十两银子的饼，叫他们各人吃一点，也是不够的。
Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little.

6:8    有一个门徒，就是西门彼得的兄弟安得烈，对耶稣说，
One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him,

6:9    在这里有一个孩童，带着五个大麦饼，两条鱼。只是分给这许多人，还算什么呢。
There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?

6:10    耶稣说，你们叫众人坐下。原来那地方的草多，众人就坐下。数目约有五千。
And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.

6:11    耶稣拿起饼来，祝谢了，就分给那坐着的人。分鱼也是这样，都随着他们所要的。
And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would.

6:12    他们吃饱了，耶稣对门徒说，把剩下的零碎，收拾起来，免得有糟蹋的。
When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.

6:13    他们便将那五个大麦饼的零碎，就是众人剩下的，收拾起来，装满了十二个篮子。
Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten.

6:14    众人看见耶稣所行的神迹。就说，这真是那要到世间来的先知。
Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world.

6:15    耶稣既知道众人要来强逼他作王，就独自又退到山上去了。
When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone.

6:16    到了晚上，他的门徒下海边去，
And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea,



6:17    上了船，要过海往迦百农去。天已经黑了，耶稣还没有来到他们那里。
And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them.

6:18    忽然狂风大作，海就翻腾起来。
And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.

6:19    门徒摇橹约行了十里多路，看见耶稣在海面上走，渐渐近了船，他们就害怕。
So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid.

6:20    耶稣对他们说，是我。不要怕。
But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid.

6:21    门徒就喜欢接他上船，船立时到了他们所要去的地方。
Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went.

6:22    第二日，站在海那边的众人，知道那里没有别的船，只有一只小船，又知道耶稣没有同他的门徒上船，乃是门徒自己去的。
The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;

6:23    然而有几只小船从提比哩亚来，靠近主祝谢后分饼给人吃的地方。
(Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)

6:24    众人见耶稣和门徒，都不在那里，就上了船，往迦百农去找耶稣。
When the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus.

6:25    既在海那边找着了，就对他说，拉比，是几时到这里来的。
And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither?

6:26    耶稣回答说，我实实在在的告诉你们，你们找我，并不是因见了神迹，乃是因吃饼得饱。
Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.

6:27    不要为那必坏的食物劳力，要为那存到永生的食物劳力，就是人子要赐给你们的。因为人子是父神所印证的。
Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed.

6:28    众人问他说，我们当行什么，才算作神的工呢。
Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?

6:29    耶稣回答说，信神所差来的，这就是作神的工。
Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent.

6:30    他们又说，你行什么神迹，叫我们看见就信你。你到底作什么事呢。
They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work?

6:31    我们的祖宗在旷野吃过吗哪，如经上写着说，他从天上赐下粮来给他们吃。
Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat.

6:32    耶稣说，我实实在在的告诉你们，那从天上来的粮，不是摩西赐给你们的，乃是我父将天上的真粮赐给你们。
Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven.

6:33    因为神的粮，就是那从天上降下来赐生命给世界的。
For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world.

6:34    他们说，主阿，常将这粮赐给我们。
Then said they unto him, Lord, evermore give us this bread.

6:35    耶稣说，我就是生命的粮。到我这里来的，必定不饿。信我的，永远不渴。
And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.

6:36    只是我对你们说过，你们已经看见我，还是不信。
But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not.

6:37    凡父所赐给我的人，必到我这里来。到我这里来的，我总不丢弃他。
All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

6:38    因为我从天上!降下来，不是要按自己的意思行，乃是要按那差我来者的意思行。
For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me.

6:39    差我来者的意思，就是他所赐给我的，叫一个也不失落，在末日却叫他复活。
And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.

6:40    因为我父的意思，是叫一切见子而信的人得永生。并且在末日我要叫他复活。
And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

6:41    犹太人因为耶稣说，我是从天上降下来的粮，就私下议论他。
The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven.

6:42    说，这不是约瑟的儿子耶稣吗。他的父母我们岂不认得吗。他如今怎吗说，我是从天上降下来的呢。
And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven?

6:43    耶稣回答说，你们不要大家议论。
Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves.

6:44    若不是差我来的父吸引人，就没有能到我这里来的。到我这里来的，在末日我要叫他复活。
No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

6:45    在先知书上写着说，他们都要蒙神的教训。凡听见父之教训又学习的，就到我这里来。
It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.

6:46    这不是说，有人看过父，惟独从神来的，他看见过父。
Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.

6:47    我实实在在的告诉你们，信的人有永生。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.

6:48    我就是生命的粮。
I am that bread of life.

6:49    你们的祖宗在旷野吃过吗哪，还是死了。
Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.

6:50    这是从天上降下来的粮，叫人吃了就不死。
This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.

6:51    我是从天上降下来生命的粮。人若吃这粮，就必永远活着。我所要赐的粮，就是我的肉，为世人之生命所赐的。
I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.

6:52    因此，犹太人彼此争论说，这个人怎能把他的肉，给我们吃呢。
The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?

6:53    耶稣说，我实实在在的告诉你们，你们若不吃人子的肉，不喝人子的血，就没有生命在你们里面。
Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.

6:54    吃我肉，喝我血的人就有永生。在末日我要叫他复活。
Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.

6:55    我的肉真是可吃的，我的血真是可喝的。
For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.

6:56    吃我肉喝我血的人，常在我里面，我也常在他里面。
He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him.

6:57    永活的父怎样差我来，我又因父活着，照样，吃我肉的人，也要因我活着。
As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me.

6:58    这就是从天上降下来的粮。吃这个粮的人，就永远活着，不像你们的祖宗吃过吗哪，还是死了。
This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever.

6:59    这些话是耶稣在迦百农会堂里教训人说的。
These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum.

6:60    他的门徒中有好些人听见了，就说，这话甚难，谁能听呢。
Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?

6:61    耶稣心里知道门徒为这话议论，就对他们说，这话是叫你们厌弃吗。（厌弃原文作跌倒）
When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?

6:62    倘或你们看见人子升到他原来所在之处，怎吗样呢。
What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?

6:63    叫人活着的乃是灵，肉体是无益的。我对你们所说的话，就是灵，就是生命。
It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.

6:64    只是你们中间有不信的人。耶稣从起头就知道，谁不信他，谁要卖他。
But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him.

6:65    耶稣又说，所以我对你们说过，若不是蒙我父的恩赐，没有人能到我这里来。
And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.

6:66    从此他门徒中多有退去的，不再和他同行。
From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.

6:67    耶稣就对那十二个门徒说，你们也要去吗。
Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?

6:68    西门彼得回答说，主阿，你有永生之道，我们还归从谁呢。
Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.



6:69    我们已经信了，又知道你是神的圣者。
And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God.

6:70    耶稣说，我不是拣选了你们十二个门徒吗，但你们中间有一个是魔鬼。
Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?

6:71    耶稣这话是指着加略人西门的儿子犹大说的。他本是十二个门徒里的一个，后来要卖耶稣的。
He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


7:1    这事以后，耶稣在加利利游行，不愿在犹太游行。因为犹太人想要杀他。
After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.

7:2    当时犹太人的住棚节近了。
Now the Jews' feast of tabernacles was at hand.

7:3    耶稣的弟兄就对他说，你离开这里上犹太去吧，叫你的门徒也看见你所行的事。
His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.

7:4    人要显扬名声，没有在暗处行事的。你如果行这事，就当将自己显明给世人看。
For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world.

7:5    因为连他的弟兄说这话，是因为不信他。
For neither did his brethren believe in him.

7:6    耶稣就对他们说，我的时候还没有到。你们的时候常是方便的。
Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready.

7:7    世人不能恨你们，却是恨我。因为我指证他们所作的事是恶的。
The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.

7:8    你们上去过节吧。我现在不上去过这节。因为我的时候还没有满。
Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come.

7:9    耶稣说了这话，仍旧住在加利利。
When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.

7:10    但他兄弟上去以后，他也上去过节，不是明去，似乎是暗去的。
But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.

7:11    正在节期，犹太人寻梢耶稣说，他在那里。
Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?

7:12    众人为他纷纷议论。有的说，他是好人。有的说，不然，他是迷惑众人的。
And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.

7:13    只是没有人明明的讲论他，因为怕犹太人。
Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.

7:14    到了节期，耶稣上殿里去教训人。
Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught.

7:15    犹太人就希奇说，这个人没有学过，怎吗明白书呢。
And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?

7:16    耶稣说，我的教训不是我自己的，乃是那差我来者的。
Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.

7:17    人若立志遵着他的旨意行，就必晓得这教训或是出于神，或是我凭着自己说的。
If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.

7:18    人凭着自己说，是求自己的荣耀。惟有求那差他来者的荣耀，这人是真的，在他心里没有不义。
He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.

7:19    摩西岂不是传律法给你们吗。你们却没有一个人守律法。为什么想要杀我呢。
Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?

7:20    众人回答说，你是被鬼附着了。谁想要杀你。
The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?

7:21    耶稣说，我作了一件事，你们都以为希奇。
Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.

7:22    摩西传割礼给你们，（其实不是从摩西起的，乃是从祖先起的）因此你们也要在安息日给人行割礼。
Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.

7:23    人若在安息日受割礼，免得违背摩西的律法。我在安息日叫一个人全然好了，你们就向我生气吗。
If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?

7:24    不可按外貌断定是非，总要按公平断定是非。
Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.

7:25    耶路撒冷人中有的说，这不是他们想要杀的人吗。
Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?

7:26    你看他还明明的讲道，他们也不向他说什么。难道官长真知道这是基督吗。
But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?

7:27    然而我们知道这个人从那里来。只是基督来的时候，没有人知道他是从那里来的。
Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.

7:28    那时耶稣在殿里教训人，大声说，你们也知道我，也知道我从那里来。我来并不是由于自己，但那差我来的是真的。你们不认识他。
Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not.

7:29    我却认识他。因为我是从他来的，他也差了我来。
But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.

7:30    他们就想要捉拿耶稣。只是没有人下手，因为他的时候还没有到。
Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come.

7:31    但众人中间有些信他的，说，基督来的时候，他所行的神迹，岂能比这人所行的更多吗。
And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?

7:32    法利赛人听见众人为耶稣这样纷纷议论，祭司长和法利赛人，就打发差役去捉拿他。
The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.

7:33    于是耶稣说，我还有不多的时候和你们同在，以后就回到差我来的那里去。
Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me.

7:34    你们要找我，却找不着。我所在的地方你们不能到。
Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come.

7:35    犹太人就彼此对问说，这人要往那里去，叫我们找不着呢。难道他要往散住希腊中的犹太人那里去教训希腊人吗。
Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?

7:36    他说，你们要找我，却找不着，我所在的地方，你们不能到。这话是什么意思呢。
What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?

7:37    节期的末日，就是最大之日，耶稣站着高声说，人若渴了，可以到我这里来喝。
In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.

7:38    信我的人，就如经上所说，从他复中要流出活水的江河来。
He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.

7:39    耶稣这话是指着信他之人，要受圣灵说的，那时还没有赐下圣灵来，因为耶稣尚未得着荣耀。
(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)

7:40    众人听见这话，有的说，这真是那先知。
Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet.

7:41    有的说，这是基督。但也有的说，基督岂是从加利利出来的吗。
Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?

7:42    经上岂不是说，基督是大卫的后裔，从大卫本乡伯利恒出来的吗。
Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?



7:43    于是众人因着耶稣起了分争。
So there was a division among the people because of him.

7:44    其中有人要捉拿他。只是无人下手。
And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.

7:45    差役回到祭司长和法利赛人那里。他们对差役说，你们为什么没有带他来呢。
Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?

7:46    差役回答说，从来没有像他这样说话的。
The officers answered, Never man spake like this man.

7:47    法利赛人说，你们也受了迷惑吗。
Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?

7:48    官长或是法利赛人，岂有信他的呢。
Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?

7:49    但这些不明白律法的百姓，是被咒诅的。
But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed.

7:50    内中有尼哥底母，就是从前去见耶稣的，对他们说，
Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)

7:51    不先听本人的口供，不知道他所作的事，难道我们的律法还定他的罪吗。
Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?

7:52    他们回答说，你也是出于加利利吗。你且去查考，就可知道，加利利没有出过先知。
They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet.

7:53    *
And every man went unto his own house.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


8:1    于是各人都回家去了。耶稣却往橄榄山去。
Jesus went unto the mount of Olives.

8:2    清早又回到殿里。众百姓都到他那里去，他就坐下教训他们。
And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them.

8:3    文士和法利赛人，带着一个行淫时被拿的妇人来，叫他站在当中。
And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst,

8:4    就对耶稣说，夫子，这妇人是正行淫之时被拿的。
They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.

8:5    摩西在律法上吩咐我们，把这样的妇人用石头打死。你说该把他怎吗样呢。
Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?

8:6    他们说这话，乃试探耶稣，要得着告他的把柄。耶稣却弯着腰用指头在地上画字。
This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not.

8:7    他们还是不住的问他，耶稣直起腰来，对他们说，你们中间谁是没有罪的，谁就可以先拿石头打他。
So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.

8:8    于是又弯着腰用指头在地上画字。
And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.

8:9    他们听见这话，就从老到少一个一个的都出去了。只剩下耶稣一人。还有那妇人仍然站在当中。
And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst.

8:10    耶稣就直起腰来，对他说，妇人，那些人在那里呢。没有人定你的罪吗。
When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?

8:11    他说，主阿，没有。耶稣说，我也不定你的罪。去吧。从此不要再犯罪了。
She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.

8:12    耶稣又对众人说，我是世上的光。跟从我的，就不在黑暗里走，必要得着生命的光。
Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.

8:13    法利赛人对他说，你是为自己作见证。你的见证不真。
The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.

8:14    耶稣说，我虽然为自己作见证，我的见证还是真的。因我知道我是从那里来，往那里去。你们却不知道我是从那里来，往那里去。
Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go.

8:15    你们是以外貌（原文作凭肉身）判断人。我却不判断人。
Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man.

8:16    就是判断人，我的判断也是真的。因为不是我独自在这里，还有差我来的父与我同在。
And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.

8:17    你们的律法上也记着说，两个人的见证是真的。
It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.

8:18    我是为自己作见证，还有差我来的父，也是为我作见证。
I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.

8:19    他们就问他说，你的父在那里。耶稣回答说，你们不认识我，也不认识我的父。若认识我，也就认识我的父。
Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also.

8:20    这些话是耶稣在殿里的库房，教训人时所说的。也没有人拿他。因为他的时候还没有到。
These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.

8:21    耶稣又对他们说，我要去了，你们要找我，并且你们要死在罪中。我所去的地方，你们不能到。
Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.

8:22    犹太人说，他说我所去的地方，你们不能到，难道他要自尽吗。
Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.

8:23    耶稣对他们说，你们是从下头来的，我是从上头来的。你们是属这世界的，我不是属这世界的。
And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.

8:24    所以我对你们说，你们要死在罪中，你们若不信我是基督，必要死在罪中。
I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.

8:25    他们就问他说，你是谁。耶稣对他们说，就是我从起初所告诉你们的。
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning.

8:26    我有许多事讲论你们，判断你们，但那差我来的是真的。我在他那里所听见的，我就传给世人。
I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.

8:27    他们不明白耶稣是指着父说的。
They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.

8:28    所以耶稣说，你们举起人子以后，必知道我是基督，并且知道我没有一件事，是凭着自己作的。我说这话，乃是照着父所教训我的。
Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.

8:29    那差我来的，是与我同在。他没有撇下我独自在这里，因为我常作他所喜欢的事。
And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.



8:30    耶稣说这话的时候，就有许多人信他。
As he spake these words, many believed on him.

8:31    耶稣对信他的犹太人说，你们若常常遵守我的道，就真是我的门徒。
Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;

8:32    你们必晓得真理，真理必叫你们得以自由。
And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.

8:33    他们回答说，我们是亚伯拉罕的后裔，从来没有作过谁的奴仆。你怎吗说，你们必得以自由呢。
They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?

8:34    耶稣回答说，我实实在在的告诉你们。所有犯罪的，就是罪的奴仆。
Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.

8:35    奴仆不能永远住在家里，儿子是永远住在家里。
And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.

8:36    所以天父的儿子若叫你们自由，你们就真自由了。
If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.

8:37    我知道你们是亚伯拉罕的子孙，你们却想要杀我。因为你们心里容不下我的道。
I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you.

8:38    我所说的，是在我父那里看见的。你们所行的，是在你们的父那里听见的。
I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father.

8:39    他们说，我们的父就是亚伯拉罕。耶稣说，你们若是亚伯拉罕的儿子，就必行亚伯拉罕所行的事。
They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham.

8:40    我将在神那里所听见的真理，告诉了你们，现在你们却想要杀我。这不是亚伯拉罕所行的事。
But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham.

8:41    你们是行你们父所行的事。他们说，我们不是从淫乱生的。我们只有一位父就是神。
Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God.

8:42    耶稣说，倘若神是你们的父，你们就必爱我。因为我本是出于神，也是从神而来，并不是由着自己来，乃是他差我来。
Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.

8:43    你们为什么不明白我的话呢，无非是因你们不能听我的道。
Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word.

8:44    你们是出于你们的父魔鬼，你们父的私欲，你们偏要行，他从起初是杀人的，不守真里。因他心里没有真里，他说谎是出于自己，因他本来是说谎的，也是说谎之人的父。
Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.

8:45    我将真理告诉你们，你们就因此不信我。
And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not.

8:46    你们中间谁能指证我有罪呢。我既然将真理告诉你们，为什么不信我呢。
Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?

8:47    出于神的，必听神的话。你们不听，因为你们不是出于神。
He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God.

8:48    犹太人回答说，我们说，你是撒玛利亚人，并且是鬼附着的，这话岂不正对吗。
Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?

8:49    耶稣说，我不是鬼附着的。我尊敬我的父，你们倒轻慢我。
Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me.

8:50    我不求自己的荣耀。有一位为我求荣耀定是非的。
And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth.

8:51    我实实在在的告诉你们，人若遵守我的道，就永远不见死。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death.

8:52    犹太人对他说，现在我们知道你是鬼附着的。亚伯拉罕死了，众先知也死了。你还说，人若遵守我的道，就永远不尝死味。
Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death.

8:53    难道你比我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕还大吗。他死了，众先知也死了。你将自己当作什么人呢。
Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself?

8:54    耶稣回答说，我若荣耀自己，我的荣耀就算不得什么。荣耀我的乃是我的父，就是你们所说是你们的神。
Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:

8:55    你们未曾认识他。我却认识他。我若说不认识他，我就是说谎的，像你们一样，但我认识他，也遵守他的道。
Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying.

8:56    你们的祖宗亚伯拉罕欢欢喜喜的仰望我的日子。既看见了，就快乐。
Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.

8:57    犹太人说，你还没有五十岁，岂能见过亚伯拉罕呢。
Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?

8:58    耶稣说，我实实在在的告诉你们，还没有亚伯拉罕，就有了我。
Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.

8:59    于是他们拿石头要打他。耶稣却躲藏，从殿里出去了。
Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


9:1    耶稣过去的时候，看见一个人生来是瞎眼的。
And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.

9:2    门徒问耶稣说，拉比，这人生来是瞎眼的，是谁犯了罪，是这人呢，是他父母呢。
And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?

9:3    耶稣回答说，也不是这人犯了罪，也不是他父母犯了罪，是要在他身上显出神的作为来。
Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.

9:4    趁着白日，我们必须作那差我来者的工。黑夜将到，就没有人能作工了。
I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.

9:5    我在世上的时候，是世上的光。
As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

9:6    耶稣说了这话，就吐唾沫在地上，用唾沫和泥抹在瞎子的眼睛上，
When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,

9:7    对他说，你往西罗亚池子里去洗，（西罗亚翻出来，就是奉差遣）他去一洗，回头就看见了。
And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.

9:8    他的邻舍，和那素常见他是讨饭的，就说，这不是那从前坐着讨饭的人吗。
The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?

9:9    有人说，是他。又有人说，不是，却是像他。他自己说，是我。
Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.

9:10    他们对他说，你的眼睛是怎吗开的呢。
Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?

9:11    他回答说，有一个人名叫耶稣。他和泥抹我的眼睛，对我说，你往西罗亚池子去洗。我去一洗，就看见了。
He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.

9:12    他们说，那个人在那里。他说，我不知道。
Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.

9:13    他们把从前瞎眼的人，带到法利赛人那里。
They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.

9:14    耶稣和泥开他眼睛的日子是安息日。
And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.

9:15    法利赛人也问他是怎吗得看见的。瞎子对他们说，他把泥抹在我的眼睛上，我去一洗，就看见了。
Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.

9:16    法利赛人中有的说，这个人不是从神来的，因为他不守安息日。又有人说，一个罪人怎能行这样的神迹呢。他们就起了分争。
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.

9:17    他们又对瞎子说，他既然开了你的眼睛，你说他是怎样的人呢。他说，是个先知。
They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.

9:18    犹太人不信他从前是瞎眼，后来能看见的，等到叫了他的父母来，
But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.



9:19    问他们说，这是你们的儿子吗。你们说他生来是瞎眼的，如今怎吗能看见了呢。
And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?

9:20    他父母回答说，他是我们的儿子，生来就瞎眼，这是我们知道的。
His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:

9:21    至于他如今怎吗能看见，我们却不知道。是谁开了他的眼睛，我们也不知道。他已经成了人，你们问他吧。他自己必能说。
But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.

9:22    他父母说这话，是怕犹太人，因为犹太人已经商议定了，若有认耶稣是基督的，要把他赶出会堂。
These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.

9:23    因此他父母说，他已经成了人，你们问他吧。
Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.

9:24    所以法利赛人第二次叫了那从前瞎眼的人来，对他说，你该将荣耀归给神。我们知道这人是个罪人。
Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.

9:25    他说，他是个罪人不是，我不知道。有一件事我知道，从前我是眼瞎的，如今能看见了。
He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.

9:26    他们就问他说，他向你作什么，是怎吗开了你的眼睛呢。
Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?

9:27    他回答说，我方才告诉你们，你们不听。为什么又要听呢。莫非你们也要作他的门徒吗。
He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?

9:28    他们就骂他说，你是他的门徒。我们是摩西的门徒。
Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples.

9:29    神对摩西说话，是我们知道的。只是这个人，我们不知道他从那里来。
We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.

9:30    那人回答说，他开了我的眼睛，你们竟不知道他从那里来，这真是奇怪。
The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.

9:31    我们知道神不听罪人。惟有敬奉神旨意的，神才听他。
Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.

9:32    从创世以来，未曾听见有人把生来是瞎子的眼睛开了。
Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.

9:33    这人若不是从神来的，什么也不能作。
If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.

9:34    他们回答说，你全然生在罪孽中，还要教训我们吗。于是把他赶出去了。
They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.

9:35    耶稣听说他们把他赶出去。后来遇见他，就说，你信神的儿子吗。
Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?

9:36    他回答说，主阿，谁是神的儿子，叫我信他呢。
He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?

9:37    耶稣说，你已经看见他，现在和你说话的就是他。
And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee.

9:38    他说，主阿，我信。就拜耶稣。
And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.

9:39    耶稣说，我为审判到这世上来，叫不能看见的，可以看见。能看见的，反瞎了眼。
And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.

9:40    同他在那里的法利赛人，听见这话，就说，难道我们也瞎了眼吗。
And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also?

9:41    耶稣对他们说，你们若瞎了眼，就没有罪了。但如今你们说，我们能看见，所以你们的罪还在。
Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


10:1    我实实在在的告诉你们，人进羊圈，不从门进去，倒从别处爬进去，那人就是强盗。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.

10:2    从门进去的，才是羊的牧人。
But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.

10:3    看门的就给他开门。羊也听他的声音。他按着名叫自己的羊，把羊领出来。
To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.

10:4    既放出自己的羊来，就在前头走，羊也跟着他，因为认得他的声音。
And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.

10:5    羊不跟着生人，因为不认得他的声音。必要逃跑。
And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.

10:6    耶稣将这比喻告诉他们。但他们不明白所说的是什么意思。
This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.

10:7    所以耶稣又对他们说，我实实在在的告诉你们，我就是羊的门，
Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.

10:8    凡在我以先来的，都是贼，是强盗。羊却不听他们。
All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.

10:9    我就是门。凡从我进来的，必然得救，并且出入得草吃。
I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.

10:10    盗贼来，无非要偷窃，杀害，毁坏。我来了，是要叫羊（或作人）得生命，并且得的更丰盛。
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.

10:11    我是好牧人，好牧人为羊舍命。
I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.

10:12    若是雇工，不是牧人，羊也不是他自己的，他看见狼来，就撇下羊逃走。狼抓住羊，赶散了羊群。
But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.

10:13    雇工逃走，因为他是雇工，并不顾念羊。
The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.

10:14    我是好牧人。我认识我的羊，我的羊也认识我。
I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.

10:15    正如父认识我，我也认识父一样。并且我为羊舍命。
As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep.

10:16    我另外有羊，不是这个圈里的。我必须领他们来，他们也要听我的声音。并且要合成一群，归一个牧人了。
And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.



10:17    我父爱我，因我将命舍去，好再取回来。
Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.

10:18    没有人夺我的命去，是我自己舍的。我有权柄舍了，也有权柄取回来。这是我从父所受的命令。
No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.

10:19    犹太人为这些话，又起了分争。
There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.

10:20    内中有好些人说，他是被鬼附着，而且疯了。为什么听他呢。
And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?

10:21    又有人说，这不是鬼附之人所说的话。鬼岂能叫瞎子的眼睛开了呢。
Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?

10:22    在耶路撒冷有修殿节。是冬天的时候。
And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.

10:23    耶稣在殿里所罗门的廊下行走。
And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch.

10:24    犹太人围着他，说，你叫我们犹疑不定到几时呢。你若是基督，就明明的告诉我们。
Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly.

10:25    耶稣回答说，我已经告诉你们，你们不信。我奉我父之名所行的事，可以为我作见证。
Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me.

10:26    只是你们不信，因为你们不是我的羊。
But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you.

10:27    我的羊听我的声音，我也认识他们，他们也跟着我。
My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:

10:28    我又赐给他们永生。他们永不灭亡，谁也不能从我手里把他们夺去。
And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.

10:29    我父把羊赐给我，他比万有都大。谁也不能从我父手里把他夺去。
My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.

10:30    我与父原为一。
I and my Father are one.

10:31    犹太人又拿起石头要打他。
Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.

10:32    耶稣对他们说，我从父显出许多善事给你们看，你们是为那一件事拿石头打我呢。
Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?

10:33    犹太人回答说，我们不是为善事拿石头打你，是你说僭妄的话。又为你是个人，反将自己当作神。
The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.

10:34    耶稣说，你们的律法上岂不是写着，我曾说你们是神吗。
Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?

10:35    经上得话是不能废的。若那些承受神道的人，尚且称为神，
If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;

10:36    父所分别为圣，又差到世间来的，他自称是神的儿子，你们还向他说，你说僭妄的话吗。
Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?

10:37    我若不行我父的事，你们就不必信我。
If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

10:38    我若行了，你们纵然不信我，也当信这些事。叫你们又知道，又明白，父在我里面，我也在父里面。
But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

10:39    他们又要拿他。他却逃出他们的手走了。
Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand,

10:40    耶稣又往约旦河外去，到了约翰起初施洗的地方，就住在那里。
And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode.

10:41    有许多人来到他那里。他们说约翰一件神迹没有行过。但约翰指着这人所说的一切话都是真的。
And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true.

10:42    在那里信耶稣的人就多了。
And many believed on him there.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


11:1    有一个患病的人，名叫拉撒路，住在伯大尼，就是马利亚和他姐姐马大的村庄。
Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.

11:2    这马利亚就是那用香膏抹主，又用头发擦他脚的。患病的拉撒路是他的兄弟。
(It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)

11:3    他姊妹两个就打发人去见耶稣说，主阿，你所爱的人病了。
Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick.

11:4    耶稣听见就说，这病不至于死，乃是为神的荣耀，叫神的儿子因此得荣耀。
When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby.

11:5    耶稣素来爱马大，和他妹子，并拉撒路。
Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.

11:6    听见拉撒路病了，就在所居之地，仍住了两天。
When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was.

11:7    然后对门徒说，我们再往犹太去吧。
Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again.

11:8    门徒说，拉比，犹太人近来要拿石头打你，你还往那里去吗。
His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee; and goest thou thither again?

11:9    耶稣回答说，白日不是有十二小时吗。人在白日走路，就不至跌倒，因为看见这世上的光。
Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world.

11:10    若在黑夜走路，就必跌倒，因为他没有光。
But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him.

11:11    耶稣说了这话，随后对他们说，我们的朋友拉撒路睡了，我去叫醒他。
These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

11:12    门徒说，主阿，他若睡了，就必好了。
Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.

11:13    耶稣这话是指着他死说的。他们却以为是说照常睡了。
Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.

11:14    耶稣就明明的告诉他们说，拉撒路死了。
Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.

11:15    我没有在那里就欢喜，这是为你们的缘故，好叫你们相信。如今我们可以往他那里去吧。
And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

11:16    多马，又称为低土马，就对那同作门徒的说，我们也去和他同死吧。
Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him.

11:17    耶稣到了，就知道拉撒路在坟墓里，已经四天了。
Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.

11:18    伯大尼离耶路撒冷不远，约有六里路。
Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:

11:19    有些犹太人来看马大和马利亚，要为他们的兄弟安慰他们。
And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.

11:20    马大听见耶稣来了，就出去迎接他。马利亚却仍然坐在家里。
Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.

11:21    马大对耶稣说，主阿，你若早在这里，我兄弟必不死。
Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

11:22    就是现在，我也知道，你无论向神求什么，神也必赐给你。
But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

11:23    耶稣说，你兄弟必然复活。
Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.

11:24    马大说，我知道在末世复活的时候，他必复活。
Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.

11:25    耶稣对他说，复活在我，生命也在我。信我的人，虽然死了，也必复活。
Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

11:26    凡活着信我的人，必永远不死。你信这话吗。
And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

11:27    马大说，主阿，是的，我信你是基督，是神的儿子，就是那要临到世界的。
She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

11:28    马大说了这话，就回去暗暗的叫他妹子，马利亚说，夫子来了，叫你。
And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.

11:29    马利亚听见了就急忙起来，到耶稣那里去。
As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.

11:30    那时，耶稣还没有进村子，仍在马大迎接他的地方。
Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.

11:31    那些同马利亚在家里安慰他的犹太人，见他急忙起来出去，就跟着他，以为他要往坟墓那里胎哭。
The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.

11:32    马利亚到了耶稣那里，看见他，就俯伏在他脚前，说，主阿，你若早在这里，我兄弟必不死。
Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

11:33    耶稣看见他哭，并看见与他同来的犹太人也哭，就心里悲叹，又甚忧愁。
When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled,

11:34    便说，你们把他安放在那里。他们回答说，请主来看。
And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.

11:35    耶稣哭了。
Jesus wept.

11:36    犹太人就说，你看他爱这人是何等恳切。
Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!

11:37    其中有人说，他既然开了瞎子的眼睛，岂不能叫这人不死吗。
And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?

11:38    耶稣又心里悲叹，来到坟墓前。那坟墓是个洞，有一块石头挡着。
Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.

11:39    耶稣说，你们把石头挪开。那死人的姐姐马大对他说，主阿，他现在必是发臭了，因为他死了已经四天了。
Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.

11:40    耶稣说，我不是对你说过，你若信，就必看见神的荣耀吗。
Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?

11:41    他们就把石头挪开。耶稣举目望天说，父阿，我感谢你，因为你已经听我。
Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

11:42    我也知道你常听我，但我说这话，是为周围站着的众人，叫他们信是你差了我来。
And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.

11:43    说了这话，就大声呼叫说，拉撒路出来。
And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

11:44    那死人就出来了，手脚裹着布，脸上包着手巾。耶稣对他们说，解开，叫他走。
And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

11:45    那些来看马利亚的犹太人，见了耶稣所作的事，就多有信他的。
Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.

11:46    但其中也有去见法利赛人的，将耶稣所作的事告诉他们。
But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.

11:47    祭司长和法利赛人聚集公会，说，这人行好些神迹，我们怎吗办呢。
Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles.

11:48    若这样由着他，人人都要信他。罗马人也要来夺我们的地土，和我们的百姓。
If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.

11:49    内中有一个人，名叫该亚法，本年作大祭司，对他们说，你们不知道什么。
And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,

11:50    独不想一个人替百姓死，免得通国灭亡，就是你们的益处。
Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.

11:51    他这话不是出于自己，是因他本年作大祭司，所以预言耶稣将要替这一国死。
And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;

11:52    也不但替这一国死，并要将神四散的子民，都聚集归一。
And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad.

11:53    从那日起，他们就商议要杀耶稣。
Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.

11:54    所以耶稣不再显然行在犹太人中间，就离开那里往靠近矿野的地方。到了一座城，名叫以法莲，就在那里和门徒同住。
Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.

11:55    犹太人的逾越节近了。有许多人从乡下上耶路撒冷去，要在节前洁净自己。
And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.

11:56    他们就寻梢耶稣，站在殿里彼此说，你们的意思如何，他不来过节吗。
Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?

11:57    那时，祭司长和法利赛人早已吩咐说，若有人知道耶稣在那里，就要报明，好去拿他。
Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


12:1    逾越节前六日，耶稣来到伯大尼，就是他叫拉撒路从死里复活之处。
Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.

12:2    有人在那里给耶稣豫备筵席。马大伺候，拉撒路也在那同耶稣坐席的人中。
There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.

12:3    马利亚就拿着一斤极贵的真哪哒香膏，抹耶稣的脚，又用自己的头发去擦。屋里就满了膏的香气。
Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.

12:4    有一个门徒，就是那将要卖耶稣的加略人犹大，
Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him,

12:5    说，这香膏为什么不卖三十两银子周济穷人呢。
Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?

12:6    他说这话，并不是挂念穷人，乃因他是个贼，又带着钱曩，常取其中所存的。
This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein.

12:7    耶稣说，由他吧，他是为我安葬之日存留的。
Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this.

12:8    因为常有穷人和你们同在。只是你们不常有我。
For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always.

12:9    有许多犹太人知道耶稣在那里，就来了，不但是为耶稣的缘故，也是要看他从死里所复活的拉撒路。
Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.

12:10    但祭司长商议连拉撒路也要杀了。
But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;

12:11    因有好些犹太人，为拉撒路的缘故，回去信了耶稣。
Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.

12:12    第二天，有许多上来过节的人，听见耶稣将到耶路撒冷，
On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,

12:13    就拿着棕树枝，出去迎接他，喊着说，和撒那，奉主名来的以色列王，是应当称颂的。
Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.

12:14    耶稣得了一个驴驹，就骑上。如经上所记的说，
And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,

12:15    锡安的民哪，（民原文作女子）不要惧怕，你的王骑着驴驹来了。
Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.

12:16    这些事门徒起先不明白。等到耶稣得了荣耀以后，才想起这话是指着他写的，并且众人果然向他这样行了。
These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.

12:17    当耶稣呼唤拉撒路叫他从死复活出坟墓的时候，同耶稣在那里的众人，就作见证。
The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.

12:18    众人因听见耶稣行了这神迹，就去迎接他。
For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.

12:19    法利赛人彼此说，看哪，你们是徒劳无益，世人都随从他去了。
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.

12:20    那时，上来过节礼拜的人中，有几个希腊人。
And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:

12:21    他们来见加利利伯赛大的腓力，求他说，先生，我们愿意见耶稣。
The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.

12:22    腓力去告诉安得烈，安得烈同腓力去告诉耶稣。
Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.

12:23    耶稣说，人子得荣耀的时候到了。
And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.

12:24    我实实在在的告诉你们，一粒麦子不落在地里死了，仍旧是一粒。若死了，就结出许多子粒来。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.

12:25    爱惜自己生命的，就失丧生命。在这世上恨恶自己生命的，就要保守生命到永生。
He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.

12:26    若有人服事我，就当跟从我。我在那里，服事我的人，也要在那里。若有人服事我，我父必尊重他。
If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.

12:27    我现在心里忧愁，我说什么才好呢。父阿，救我脱离这时候。但我原是为这时候来的。
Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.

12:28    父阿，愿你荣耀你的名。当时就有声音从天上来说，我已经荣耀了我的名，还要再荣耀。
Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.



12:29    站在旁边的众人听见，就说，打雷了。还有人说，有天使对他说话。
The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.

12:30    耶稣说，这声音不是为我，是为你们来的。
Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.

12:31    现在这世界受审判。这世界的王要被赶出去。
Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.

12:32    我若从地上被举起来，就要吸引万人来归我。
And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.

12:33    耶稣这话原是指着自己将要怎样死说的。
This he said, signifying what death he should die.

12:34    众人回答说，我们听见律法上有话说，基督是永存的。你怎吗说，人子必须被举起来呢。这人子是谁呢。
The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?

12:35    耶稣对他们说，光在你们中间，还有不多的时候，应当趁着有光行走，免得黑暗临到你们。那在黑暗里行走的，不知道往何处去。
Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.

12:36    你们应当趁着有光，信从这光，使你们成为光明之子。
While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them.

12:37    耶稣说了这话，就离开他们，隐藏了。
But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:

12:38    他虽然在他们面前行了许多神迹，他们还是不信他。
That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?

12:39    这是要应验先知以赛亚的话说，主阿，我们所传的，有谁信呢。
Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,

12:40    他们所以不能信，因为以赛亚又说，主叫他们瞎了眼，硬了心，免得他们眼睛看见，心里明白，回转过来，我就医治他们。
He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.

12:41    以赛亚因为看见他的荣耀，就指着他说这话。
These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him.

12:42    虽然如此，官长中却有好些信他的。只因法利赛人的缘故，就不承认，恐怕被赶出会堂。
Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:

12:43    这是因他们爱人的荣耀，过于爱神的荣耀。
For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.

12:44    耶稣大声说，信我的，不是信我，乃是信那差我来的。
Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me.

12:45    人看见我，就是看见那差我来的。
And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me.

12:46    我到世上来，乃是光，叫凡信我的，不住在黑暗里。
I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.

12:47    若有人听见我的话不遵守，我不审判他。我来本不是要审判世界，乃是要拯救世界。
And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.

12:48    弃绝我不领受我话的人，有审判他的。就是我所讲的道，在末日要审判他。
He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.

12:49    因为我没有凭着自己讲。惟有差我来的父，已经给我命令，叫我说什么，讲什么。
For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.

12:50    我也知道他的命令就是永生。故此我所讲的话，正是照着父对我所说的。
And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


13:1    逾越节以前，耶稣知道自己离世归父的时候到了。他既爱世间属自己的人，就爱他们到底。
Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.

13:2    吃晚饭的时候，（魔鬼已将卖耶稣的意思，放在西门的儿子加略人犹大心里）。
And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him;

13:3    耶稣知道父已将万有交在他手里，且知道自己是从神出来的，又要归到神那里去，
Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;

13:4    就离席站起来脱了衣服，拿一条手巾束腰。
He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.

13:5    随后把水倒在盆里，就洗门徒的脚，并用自己所束的手巾擦乾。
After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded.

13:6    挨到西门彼得，彼得对他说，主阿，你洗我的脚吗。
Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?

13:7    耶稣回答说，我所作的，你如今不知道，后来必明白。
Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter.

13:8    彼得说，你永不可洗我的脚。耶稣说，我若不洗你，你就与我无分了。
Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.

13:9    西门彼得说，主阿，不但我的脚，连手和头也要洗。
Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head.

13:10    耶稣说，凡洗过澡的人，只要把脚一洗，全身就乾净了。你们是乾净的，然而不都是乾净的。
Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.

13:11    耶稣原知道要卖他的是谁，所以说，你们不都是乾净的。
For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.

13:12    耶稣洗完了他们的脚，就穿上衣服，又坐下，对他们说，我向你们所作的，你们明白吗。
So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?

13:13    你们称呼我夫子，称呼我主，你们说的不错。我本来是。
Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am.

13:14    我是你们的主，你们的夫子，尚且洗你们的脚，你们也当彼此洗脚。
If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet.



13:15    我给你们作了榜样，叫你们照着我向你们所作的去作。
For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.

13:16    我实实在在的告诉你们，仆人不能大于主人。差人也不能大于差他的人。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.

13:17    你们既知道这事，若是去行就有福了。
If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.

13:18    我这话不是指着你们众人说的。我知道我所拣选的是谁。现在要应验经上的话，说，同我吃饭的人，用脚踢我。
I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.

13:19    如今事情还没有成就，我要先告诉你们，叫你们到事情成就的时候，可以信我是基督
Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he.

13:20    我实实在在的告诉你们，有人接待我所差遣的，就是接待我。接待我，就是接待那差遣我的。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.

13:21    耶稣说了这话，心里忧愁，就明说，我实实在在的告诉你们，你们中间有一个人要卖我了。
When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.

13:22    门徒彼此对看，猜不透所说的是谁。
Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.

13:23    有一个门徒，是耶稣所爱的，侧身挨近耶稣的怀里。
Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.

13:24    西门彼得点头对他说，你告诉我们，主是指着谁说的。
Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.

13:25    那门徒便就势靠着耶稣的胸膛，问他说，主阿，是谁呢。
He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?

13:26    耶稣回答说，我蘸一点饼给谁，就是谁。耶稣就蘸了一点饼，递给加略人西门的儿子犹大。
Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.

13:27    他吃了以后，撒但就入了他的心。耶稣对他说，你所作的快作吧。
And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.

13:28    同席的人，没有一个知道是为什么对他们说这话。
Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.

13:29    有人因犹大带着钱曩，以为耶稣是对他说，你去买我们过节所应用的东西。或是叫他拿什么周济穷人。
For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.

13:30    犹大受了那点饼，立刻就出去。那时候是夜间了。
He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.

13:31    他既出去，耶稣就说，如今人子得了荣耀，神在人子身上也得了荣耀。
Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.

13:32    神要因自己荣耀人子，并且要快快的荣耀他。
If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.

13:33    小子们，我还有不多的时候，与你们同在。后来你们要找我，但我所去的地方，你们不能到。这话我曾对犹太人说过，如今也照样对你们说。
Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.

13:34    我赐给你们一条新命令，乃是叫你们彼此相爱。我怎样爱你们，你们也要怎样相爱。
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.

13:35    你们若有彼此相爱的心，众人因此就认出你们是我的门徒了。
By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.

13:36    西门彼得问耶稣说，主往那里去。耶稣回答说，我所去的地方，你现在不能跟我去。后来却要跟我去。
Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.

13:37    彼得说，主阿，我为什么现在不能跟你去。我愿意为你舍命。
Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake.

13:38    耶稣说，你愿意为我舍命吗。我实实在在的告诉你，鸡叫以先，你要三次不认我。
Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


14:1    你们心里不要忧愁。你们信神，也当信我。
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.

14:2    在我父的家里，有许多住处。若是没有，我就早已告诉你们了。我去原是为你们预备地方去。
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.

14:3    我若去为你们预备了地方，就必再来接你们到我那里去，我在那里，叫你们也在那里。
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.

14:4    我往那里去，你们知道。那条路，你们也知道。（有古卷作我往那里去你们知道那条路）
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.

14:5    多马对他说，主阿，我们不知道你往那里去，怎吗知道那条路呢。
Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?

14:6    耶稣说，我就是道路，真理，生命。若不藉着我。没有人能到父那里去。
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

14:7    你们若认识我，也就认识我的父。从今以后，你们认识他，并且已经看见他。
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.

14:8    腓力对他说，求主将父显给我们看，我们就知足了。
Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.

14:9    耶稣对他说，腓力，我与你们同在这样长久，你还不认识我吗。人看见了我，就是看见了父。你怎吗说，将父显给我们看呢。
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?

14:10    我在父里面，父在我里面，你不信吗。我对你们所说的话，不是凭着自己说的，乃是住在我里面的父作他自己的事。
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

14:11    你们当信我，我在父里面，父在我里面。既或不信，也当因我所作的事信我。
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.

14:12    我实实在在的告诉你们，我所作的事，信我的人也要作。并且要作比这更大的事。因为我往父那里去。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

14:13    你们奉我的名，无论求什么，我必成就，叫父因子得荣耀。
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

14:14    你们若奉我的名求什么，我必成就。
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

14:15    你们若爱我，就必遵守我的命令。
If ye love me, keep my commandments.

14:16    我要求父，父就另外赐给你们一位保惠师，（或作训慰师下同）叫他永远与你们同在。
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;

14:17    就是真理的圣灵，乃世人不能接受的。因为不见他，也不认识他。你们却认识他。因他常与你们同在，也要在你们里面。
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.

14:18    我不撇下你们为孤儿，我必到你们这里来。
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.

14:19    还有不多的时候，世人不再看见我。你们却看见我。因为我活着，你们也活着。
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

14:20    到那日，你们就知道我在父里面，你们在我里面，我也在你们里面。
At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.

14:21    有了我的命令又遵守的，这人就是爱我的。爱我的必蒙我父爱他，我也要爱他，并且要向他显现。
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.

14:22    犹大（不是加略人犹大）问耶稣说，主阿，为什么要向我们显现，不向世人显现呢。
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?

14:23    耶稣回答说，人若爱我，就必遵守我的道。我父也必爱他，并且我们要到他那里去，与他同住。
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.

14:24    不爱我的人就不遵守我的道。你们所听见的道不是我的，乃是差我来之父的道。
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me.

14:25    我还与你们同住的时候，已将这些话对你们说了。
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you.

14:26    但保惠师，就是父因我的名所要差来的圣灵，他要将一切的事，指教你们，并且要叫你们想起我对你们所说的一切话。
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.

14:27    我留下平安给你们，我将我的平安赐给你们。我所赐的，不像世人所赐的。你们心里不要忧愁，也不要胆怯。
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.

14:28    你们听见我对你们说了，我去还要到你们这里来。你们若爱我，因我到父那里去，就必喜乐，因为父是比我大的。
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.

14:29    现在事情还没有成就，我豫先告诉你们，叫你们到事情成就的时候，就可以信。
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.

14:30    以后我不再和你们多说话，因为这世界的王将到。他在我里面是毫无所有。
Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.

14:31    但要叫世人知道我爱父，并且父怎样吩咐我，我就怎样行。起来我们走吧。
But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


15:1    我是真葡萄树，我父是栽培的人。
I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.

15:2    凡属我不结果子的枝子，他就剪去。凡结果子的，
Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.

15:3    现在你们因我讲给你们的道，已经乾净了。
Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.

15:4    你们要常在我里面，我也常在你们里面。枝子若不常在葡萄树上，自己就不能结果子。你们若不常在我里面，也是这样。
Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.

15:5    我是葡萄树，你们是枝子。常在我里面的，我也常在他里面，这人就多结果子。因为离了我，你们就不能作什么。
I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

15:6    人若不常在我里面，就像枝子丢在外面枯乾，人拾起来，扔在火里烧了。
If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.

15:7    你们若常在我里面，我的话也常在你们里面，凡你们所愿意的，祈求就给你们成就。
If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.

15:8    你们多结果子，我父就因此得荣耀，你们也就是我的门徒了。
Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.

15:9    我爱你们，正如父爱我一样。你们要常在我的爱里。
As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.

15:10    你们若遵守我的命令，就常在我的爱里。正如我遵守了我父的命令，常在他的爱里。
If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.

15:11    这些事我已经对你们说了，是要叫我的喜乐，存在你们心里，并叫你们的喜乐可以满足。
These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.

15:12    你们要彼此相爱，像我爱你们一样，这就是我的命令。
This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.

15:13    人为朋友舍命，人的爱心没有比这个更大的。
Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.

15:14    你们若遵行我所吩付的，就是我的朋友了。
Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.

15:15    以后我不再称你们为仆人。因仆人不知道主人所作的事。我乃称你们为朋友。因我从我父所听见的。已经都告诉你们了。
Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.

15:16    不是你们拣选了我，是我拣选了你们，并且分派你们去结果子，叫你们的果子长存。使你们奉我的名，无论向父求什么，他就赐给你们。
Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

15:17    我这样吩咐你们，是要叫你们彼此相爱。
These things I command you, that ye love one another.

15:18    世人若恨你们，你们知道（或作该知道）恨你们以先，已经恨我了。
If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.

15:19    你们若属世界，世界必爱属自己的。只因你们不属世界。乃是我从世界拣选了你们，所以世界就恨你们。
If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.

15:20    你们要记念我从前对你们所说的话，仆人不能大于主人。他们若逼迫了我，也要逼迫你们。若遵守了我的话，也要遵守你们的话。
Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.

15:21    但他们因我的名，要向你们行这一切的事，因为他们不认识那差我来的。
But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me.

15:22    我若没有来教训他们，他们就没有罪。但如今他们的罪无可推诿了。
If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin.

15:23    恨我的，也恨我的父。
He that hateth me hateth my Father also.

15:24    我若没有在他们中间行过别人未曾行的事，他们就没有罪。但如今连我与我的父，他们也看见也恨恶了。
If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.

15:25    这要应验他们律法上所写的话说，他们无故恨我。
But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.

15:26    但我要从父那里差保惠师来，就是从父出来真里的圣灵。他来了，就要为我作见证。
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:

15:27    你们也要作见证，因为你们从起头就与我同在。
And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


16:1    我已将这些事告诉你们，使你们不至于跌倒。
These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.

16:2    人要把你们赶出会堂。并且时候将到，凡杀你们的，就以为是事奉神。
They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.

16:3    他们这样行，是因未曾认识父，也未曾认识我。
And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.

16:4    我将这些事告诉你们，是叫你们到了时候，可以想起我对你们说过了。我起先没有将这事告诉你们，因为我与你们同在。
But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.

16:5    现今我往差我来的父那里去。你们中间并没有人问我，你往那里去。
But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?

16:6    只因我将这事情告诉你们，你们就满心忧愁。
But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.

16:7    然而我将真情告诉你们。我去是与你们有益的。我若不去，保惠师就不到你们这里来。我若去，就差他来。
Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.

16:8    他既来了，就要叫世人为罪，为义，为审判，自己责备自己。
And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:

16:9    为罪，是因他们不信我。
Of sin, because they believe not on me;

16:10    为义，是因我往父那里去，你们就不再见我。
Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;

16:11    为审判，是因这世界的王受了审判。
Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.

16:12    我还有好些事要告诉你们，但你们现在担当不了（或作不能领会）。
I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.

16:13    只等真理的圣灵来了，他要引导你们明白（原文作进入）一切的真理。因为他不是凭自己说的，乃是把他所听见的都说出来。并要把将来的事告诉你们。
Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

16:14    他要荣耀我。因为他要将受于我的，告诉你们。
He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.

16:15    凡父所有的，都是我的，所以我说，他要将受于我的，告诉你们。
All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.

16:16    等不多时，你们就不得见我。再等不多时，你们还要见我。
A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.

16:17    有几个门徒就彼此说，他对我们说，等不多时，你们就不得见我。再等不多时，你们还要见我。又说，因我往父那里去。这是什么意思呢。
Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?

16:18    门徒彼此说，他说等不多时，到底是什么意思呢。我们不明白他所说的话。
They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.

16:19    耶稣看出他们要问他，就说，我说等不多时，你们就不得见我，再等不多时，你们还要见我。你们为这话彼此相问吗。
Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?

16:20    我实实在在的告诉你们，你们将要痛哭，哀号，世人倒要喜乐。你们将要忧愁，然而你们的忧愁，要变为喜乐。
Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.

16:21    妇人生产的时候，就忧愁，因为他的时候到了。既生了孩子，就不再记念那苦楚，因为欢喜世上生了一个人。
A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.

16:22    你们现在也是忧愁。但我要再见你们，你们的心就喜乐了。这喜乐，也没有人能夺去。
And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you.

16:23    到那日，你们什么也就不问我了。我实实在在的告诉你们，你们若向父求什么，他必因我的名，赐给你们。
And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.

16:24    向来你们没有奉我的名求什么，如今你们求就必得着，叫你们的喜乐可以满足。
Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.

16:25    这些事，我是用比喻对你们说的。时候将到，我不再用比喻对你们说，乃要将父明明的告诉你们。
These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.

16:26    到那日，你们要奉我的名祈求。我并不对你们说，我要为你们求父。
At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:

16:27    父自己爱你们，因为你们已经爱我，又信我是从父出来的。
For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.



16:28    我从父出来，到了世界。我又离开世界，往父那里去。
I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

16:29    门徒说，如今你是明说，并不用比喻了。
His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.

16:30    现在我们晓得你凡事都知道，也不用人问你。因此我们信你是从神出来的。
Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

16:31    耶稣说，现在你们信吗。
Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?

16:32    看哪，时候将到，且是已经到了，你们要分散，各归自己的地方去，留下我独自一人。其实我不是独自一人，因为有父与我同在。
Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.

16:33    我将这事告诉你们，是叫你们在我里面有平安。在世上你们有苦难。但你们可以放心，我已经胜了世界。
These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 17 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


17:1    耶稣说了这话，就举目望天说，父阿，时候到了。愿你荣耀你的儿子，使儿子也荣耀你。
These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:

17:2    正如你曾赐给他权柄，管理凡有血气的，叫他将永生赐给你所赐给他的人。
As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.

17:3    认识你独一的真神，并且认识你所差来的耶稣基督，这就是永生。
And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.

17:4    我在地上已经荣耀你，你所托付我的事，我已成全了。
I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.

17:5    父阿，现在求你使我同你享荣耀，就是未有世界以先，我同你所有的荣耀。
And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.

17:6    你从世上赐给我的人，我已将你的名显明与他们。他们本是你的，你将他们赐给我，他们也遵守了你的道。
I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.

17:7    如今他们知道，凡你所赐给我的，都是从你那里来的。
Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee.

17:8    因为你所赐给我的道，我已经赐给他们。他们也领受了，又确实知道，我是从你出来的，并且信你差了我来。
For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me.

17:9    我为他们祈求。不为世人祈求，却为你所赐给我的人祈求，因他们本是你的。
I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.

17:10    凡是我的都是你的，你的也是我的。并且我因他们得了荣耀。
And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.

17:11    从今以后，我不在世上，他们却在世上，我往你那里去。圣父阿，求你因你所赐给我的名保守他们，叫他们合而为一，像我们一样。
And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.

17:12    我与他们同在的时候，因你所赐给我的名，保守了他们，我也护卫了他们，其中除了那灭亡之子，没有一个灭亡的。好叫经上的话得应验。
While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.

17:13    现在我往你们那里去。我还在世上说这话，是叫他们心里充满我的喜乐。
And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.

17:14    我已将你的道赐给他们。世界又恨他们，因为他们不属世界，正如我不属世界一样。
I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.

17:15    我不求你叫他们离开世界，只求你保守他们脱离
I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.

17:16    他们不属世界，正如我不属世界一样。
They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.

17:17    求你用真理使他们成圣。你的道就是真理。
Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.

17:18    你怎样差我到世上，我也照样差他们到世上。
As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.

17:19    我为他们的缘故，自己分别为圣，叫他们也因真理成圣。
And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.

17:20    我不但为这些人祈求，也为那些因他们的话信我的人祈求。
Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;

17:21    使他们都合而为一。正如你父在我里面，我在你里面，使他们也在我们里面。叫世人可以信你差了我来。
That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.

17:22    你赐给我的荣耀，我已经赐给他们，使他们合而为一，像我们合而为一。
And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:

17:23    我在他们里面，你在我里面，使他们完完全全的合而为一。叫世人知道你差了我来，也知道你爱他们如同爱我一样。
I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.

17:24    父阿，我在那里，愿你所赐给我的人也同我在那里，叫他们看见你所赐给我的荣耀。因为创立世界以前，你已经爱我了。
Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.

17:25    公义的父阿，世人未曾认识你，我却认识你。这些人也知道你差了我来。
O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.

17:26    我已将你的名指示他们，还要指示他们，使你所爱我的爱在他们里面，我也在他们里面。
And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 18 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


18:1    耶稣说了这话，就同门徒出去，过了汲沦溪，在那里有一个园子，他和门徒进去了。
When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.

18:2    卖耶稣的犹大也知道那地方。因为耶稣和门徒屡次上那里去聚集。
And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.

18:3    犹大领了一队兵，和祭司长并法利赛人的差役，拿着灯笼，火把，兵器，就来到园里。
Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.

18:4    耶稣知道将要临到自己的一切事，就出来，对他们说，你们找谁。
Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?

18:5    他们回答说，找拿撒勒人耶稣。耶稣说，我就是。卖他的犹大也同他们站在那里。
They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.

18:6    耶稣一说我就是，他们就退后倒在地上。
As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.

18:7    他又问他们说，你们找谁。他们说，找拿撒勒人耶稣。
Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.

18:8    耶稣说，我已经告诉你们，我就是。你们若找我，就让这些人去吧。
Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:

18:9    这要应验耶稣从前的话，说，你所赐给我的人，我没有失落一个。
That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none.

18:10    西门彼得带着一把刀，就拔出来，将大祭司的仆人砍了一刀，削掉他的右耳。那仆人名叫马勒古。
Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus.

18:11    耶稣就对彼得说，收刀入鞘吧。我父所给我的那杯，我岂可不喝呢。
Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?

18:12    那队兵和千夫长并犹太人的差役，就拿住耶稣，把他捆绑了。
Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,

18:13    先带到亚那面前。因为亚那是本年作大祭司该亚法的岳父。
And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year.

18:14    这该亚法，就是从前向犹太人发议论说，一个人替百姓死是有益的那位。
Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.

18:15    西门彼得跟着耶稣，还有一个门徒跟着。那门徒是大祭司所认识的。他就同耶稣进了大祭司的院子。
And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest.

18:16    彼得却站在门外。大祭司所认识的那门徒出来，和看门使女说了一声，就领彼得进去。
But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known unto the high priest, and spake unto her that kept the door, and brought in Peter.

18:17    那看门的使女对彼得说，你不也是这人的门徒吗。他说，我不是。
Then saith the damsel that kept the door unto Peter, Art not thou also one of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not.

18:18    仆人和差役，因为天冷，就生了炭火，站在那里烤火。彼得也同他们站着烤火。
And the servants and officers stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself.

18:19    大祭司就以耶稣的门徒和他的教训盘问他。
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine.

18:20    耶稣回答说，我从来是明明的对世人说话。我常在会堂和殿里，就是犹太人聚集的地方，教训人。我在暗地里，并没有说什么。
Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing.

18:21    你为什么问我呢。可以问那听见的人，我对他们说的是什么。我所说的，他们都知道。
Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said.

18:22    耶稣说了这话，旁边站着的一个差役，用手掌打他说，你这样回答大祭司吗。
And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?

18:23    耶稣说，我若说的不是，你可以指证那不是。我若说的是，你为什么打我呢。
Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?

18:24    亚那就把耶稣解到大祭司该亚法那里，仍是捆着解去的。
Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest.

18:25    西门彼得正站着烤火，有人对他说，你不也是他的门徒吗。彼得不承认，说，我不是。
And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not.

18:26    有大祭司的一个仆人，是彼得削掉耳朵那人的亲属，说，我不是看见你同他在园子里吗。
One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?

18:27    彼得又不承认。立时鸡就叫了。
Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.

18:28    众人将耶稣从该亚法那里往衙门内解去。那时天还早。他们自己却不进衙门，恐怕染了污秽，不能吃逾越节的筵席
Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.

18:29    彼拉多就出来，到他们那里，说，你们告这人是为什么事呢。
Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man?

18:30    他们回答说，这人若不是作恶的，我们就不把他交给你。
They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee.

18:31    彼拉多说，你们带他去，按着你们的律法审问他吧。犹太人说，我们没有杀人的权柄。
Then said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:

18:32    这要应验耶稣所说，自己将要怎样死的话了。
That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die.

18:33    彼拉多又进了衙门，叫耶稣来，对他说，你是犹太人的王吗。
Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?

18:34    耶稣回答说，这话是你自己说的，还是别人论我对你说的呢。
Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?

18:35    彼拉多说，我岂是犹太人呢。你本国的人和祭司长，把你交给我。你作了什么事呢。
Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?

18:36    耶稣回答说，我的国不属这世界。我的国若属这世界，我的臣仆必要争战，使我不至于被交给犹太人。只是我的国不属这世界。
Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.

18:37    彼拉多就对他说，这样，你是王吗。耶稣回答说，你说我是王。我为此而生，也为此来到世间，特为给真理作见证。凡属真理的人，就听我的话。
Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.

18:38    彼拉多说，真理是什么呢。说了这话，又出来到犹太人那里，对他们说，我查不出他有什么罪来。
Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all.

18:39    但你们有个规矩，在逾越节要我给你们释放一个人，你们要我给你们释放犹太人的王吗。
But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?

18:40    他们又喊着说，不要这人，要巴拉巴。这巴拉巴是个强盗。
Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 19 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


19:1    当下彼拉多将耶稣鞭打了。
Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.

19:2    兵丁用荆棘编作冠冕，戴在他头上，给他穿上紫袍。
And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe,

19:3    又挨近他说，恭喜犹太人的王阿。他们就用手掌打他。
And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands.

19:4    彼拉多又出来对众人说，我带他出来见你们，叫你们知道我查不出他有什么罪来。
Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him.

19:5    耶稣出来，戴着荆棘冠冕，穿着紫袍。彼拉多对他们说，你们看这个人。
Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man!

19:6    祭司长和差役看见他，就喊着说，钉他十字架，钉他十字架。彼拉多说，你们自己把他钉十字架吧。我查不出他有什么罪来。
When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.

19:7    犹太人回答说，我们有律法，按那律法，他是该死的，因他以自己为神的儿子。
The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.

19:8    彼拉多听见这话，越发害怕。
When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid;

19:9    又进衙门，对耶稣说，你是那里来的。耶稣却不回答。
And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer.

19:10    彼拉多说，你不对我说话吗。你岂不知我有权柄释放你，也有权柄把你钉十字架吗。
Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?

19:11    耶稣回答说，若不是从上头赐给你的，你就毫无权柄辨我。所以把我交给你的那人，罪更重了。
Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin.

19:12    从此彼拉多想要释放耶稣。无奈犹太人喊着说，你若释放这个人，就不是凯撒的忠臣。（原文作朋友）凡以自己为王的，就是背叛凯撒了。
And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.

19:13    彼拉多听见这话，就带耶稣出来，到了一个地方，名叫铺华石处，希伯来话叫厄巴大，就在那里坐堂。
When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.

19:14    那日是逾越节的日子，约有午正。彼拉多对犹太人说，看哪，这是你们的王。
And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!

19:15    他们喊着说，除掉他，除掉他，钉他在十字架上。彼拉多说，我可以把你们的王钉十字架吗。祭司长回答说，除了凯撒，我们没有王。
But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.

19:16    于是彼拉多将耶稣交给他们去钉十字架。
Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away.

19:17    他们就把耶稣带了去。耶稣背着自己的十字架出来，到了一个地方，名叫髑髅地，希伯来话叫各各他。
And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:

19:18    他们就在那里钉他在十字架上，还有两个人和他一同钉着，一边一个，耶稣在中间。
Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst.

19:19    彼拉多又用牌子写了一个名号，安在十字架上。写的是犹太人的王，拿撒勒人耶稣。
And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was, JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS.

19:20    有许多犹太人念这名号。因为耶稣被钉十字架的地方，与城相近，并且是用希伯来，罗马，希腊，三样文字写的。
This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin.

19:21    犹太人的祭司长，就对彼拉多说，不要写犹太人的王。要写他自己说我是犹太人的王。
Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.

19:22    彼拉多说，我所写的，我已经写上了。
Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.

19:23    兵丁既然将耶稣钉在十字架上，就拿他的衣服分为四分，每兵一分。又拿他的里衣。这件里衣，原是没有缝儿，是上下一片织成的。
Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.

19:24    他们就彼此说，我们不要撕开，只要拈阄，看谁得着。这要应验经上的话说，他们分了我的外衣，为我的里衣拈阄。兵丁果然作了这事。
They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.

19:25    站在耶稣十字架旁边的，有他母亲，与他母亲的姊妹，并革罗吧的妻子马利亚，和抹大拉的马利亚。
Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.

19:26    耶稣见母亲和他所爱的那个门徒站在旁边，就对他说，母亲，（原文作妇人）看你的儿子。
When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!

19:27    又对那门徒说，看你的母亲。从此那门徒就接他到自己家里去了。
Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.

19:28    这事以后，耶稣知道各样的事已经成了，为要使经上的话应验，就说，我渴了。
After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.

19:29    有一个器皿盛满了醋，放在那里。他们就拿海绒蘸满了醋，绑在牛膝草上，送到他口。
Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth.

19:30    耶稣尝（原文作受）了那醋，就说，成了。便低下头，将灵魂交付神了。
When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.

19:31    犹太人因这日是豫备日，又因那安息日是个大日，就求彼拉多叫人打断他们的腿，把他们拿去，免得尸首当安息日留在十字架上。
The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.

19:32    于是兵丁来，把头一个的腿，并与耶稣同钉第二个人的腿，都打断了。
Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.

19:33    只是来到耶稣那里，见他已经死了，就不打断他的腿。
But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:

19:34    惟有一个兵拿枪扎他的肋旁，随既有血和水流出来。
But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.

19:35    看见这事的那人就作见证，他的见证也是真的，并且他知道自己所说的是真的，叫你们也可以信。
And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe.

19:36    这些事成了，为要应验经上的话说，他的骨头，一根也不可折断。
For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.

19:37    经上又有一句说，他们要仰望自己所扎的人。
And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.

19:38    这些事以后，有亚利马太人约瑟，是耶稣的门徒，只因怕犹太人，就暗暗的作门徒，他来求彼拉多，要把耶稣的身体领去。彼拉多允准，他就把耶稣的身体领去了。
And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.

19:39    又有尼哥底母，就是先前夜里去见耶稣的，带着没药，和沈香，约有一百斤前来。
And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.

19:40    他们就照犹太人殡葬的规矩，把耶稣的身体，用细麻布加上香料裹好了。
Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.

19:41    在耶稣钉十字架的地方，有一个园子。园子里有一座新坟墓，是从来没有葬过人的。
Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid.

19:42    只因是犹太人的豫备日，又因那坟墓近，他们就把耶稣安放在那里。
There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 20 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　　


20:1    七日的第一日清早，天还黑的时候，抹大拉的马利亚来到坟墓那里，看见石头从坟墓挪开了。
The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre.

20:2    就跑来见西门彼得，和耶稣所爱的那个门徒，对他们说，有人把主从坟墓里挪了去，我们不知道放在那里。
Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him.

20:3    彼得和那门徒就出来，往坟墓那里去。
Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre.

20:4    两个人同跑，那门徒比彼得跑的更快，先到了坟墓。
So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre.

20:5    低头往里看，就见细麻布还放在那里。只是没有进去。
And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in.



20:6    西门彼得随后也到了，进坟墓里去，就看见细麻布还放在那里。
Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie,

20:7    又看见耶稣的裹头巾，没有和细麻布放在一处，是另一处卷着。
And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself.

20:8    先到坟墓的那门徒也进去，看见就信了。
Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed.

20:9    因为他们还不明白圣经的意思，就是耶稣必要从死里复活。
For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead.

20:10    于是两个门徒回自己的住处去了。
Then the disciples went away again unto their own home.

20:11    马利亚却站在坟墓外面哭。哭的时候，低头往坟墓里看，
But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,

20:12    就见两个天使，穿着白衣，在安放耶稣身体的地方坐着，一个在头，一个在脚。
And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.

20:13    天使对他说，妇人，你为什么哭。他说，因为有人把我主挪了去，我不知道放在那里。
And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him.

20:14    说了这话，就转过身来，看见耶稣站在那里，却不知道是耶稣。
And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus.

20:15    耶稣问他说，妇人，为什么哭，你找谁呢。马利亚以为是看园的，就对他说，先生，若是你把他移了去，请告诉我，你把他放在那里，我便去取他。
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? She, supposing him to be the gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away.

20:16    耶稣说，马利亚。马利亚就转过来，用希伯来话对他说，拉波尼。（拉波尼就是夫子的意思
Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.

20:17    耶稣说，不要摸我。因为我还没有升上去见我的父。你往我弟兄那里去，告诉他们说，我要升上去，见我的父，也是你们的父。见我的神，也是你们的神。
Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.



20:18    抹大拉的马利亚就去告诉门徒说，我已经看见了主。他又将主对他说的这话告诉他们。
Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that he had spoken these things unto her.

20:19    那日，（就是七日的头一日）晚上，门徒所在的地方，因怕犹太人，门都关了。耶稣来站在当中，对他们说，愿你们平安。
Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.

20:20    说了这话，就把手和肋旁，指给他们看。门徒看见主，就喜乐了。
And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the LORD.

20:21    耶稣又对他们说，愿你们平安。父怎样差遣了我，我也照样差遣你们。
Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.

20:22    说了这话，就向他们吹一口气，说，你们受圣灵。
And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:

20:23    你们赦免谁的罪，谁的罪就赦免了。你们留下谁的罪，谁的罪就留下了。
Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.

20:24    那十二个门徒中，有称为抵土马的多马。耶稣来的时候，他没有和他们同在。
But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.

20:25    那些门徒对他说，我们已经看见主了。多马却说，我非看见他手上的钉痕，用指头探入那钉痕，又用手探入他的肋旁，我总不信。
The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the LORD. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.

20:26    过了八日，门徒又在屋里，多马也和他们同在，门都关了。耶稣来站在当中说，愿你们平安。
And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you.

20:27    就对多马说，伸过你的指头来，摸（摸原文作看）我的手。伸出你的手来，探入我的肋旁。不要疑惑，总要信。
Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.

20:28    多马说，我的主，我的神。
And Thomas answered and said unto him, My LORD and my God.

20:29    耶稣对他说，你因看见了我才信。那没有看见就信的，有福了。
Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.

20:30    耶稣在门徒面前，另外行了许多神迹，没有记在这书上。
And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:

20:31    但记这些事，要叫你们信耶稣是基督，是神的儿子。并且叫你们信了他，就可以因他的名得生命。
But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.




新约 -- 约翰福音(John) -- 第 21 章 ( 本篇共有 21 章 )    　


21:1    这些事以后，耶稣在提比哩亚海边，又向门徒显现。他怎样显现记在下面。
After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself.

21:2    有西门彼得，和称为抵土马的多马，并加利利的迦拿人拿但业，还有西庇太的两个儿子，又有两个门徒，都在一处。
There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples.

21:3    西门彼得对他们说，我打鱼去。他们说，我们也和你同去。他们就出去，上了船，那一夜并没有打着什么。
Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing.

21:4    天将亮的时候，耶稣站在岸上。门徒却不知道是耶稣。
But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus.

21:5    耶稣就对他们说，小子，你们有吃的没有。他们回答说，没有。
Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No.

21:6    耶稣说，你们把网撒在船的右边，就必得着。他们便撒下网去，竟拉不上来了，因为鱼甚多。
And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes.

21:7    耶稣所爱的那门徒对彼得说，是主。那时西门彼得赤着身子，一听见是主，就束上一件外衣，跳在海里。
Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher's coat unto him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea.

21:8    其馀的门徒（离岸不远，约有二百肘，（古时以肘为尺，一肘约有今时尺半）就在小船把那网鱼拉过来。
And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes.

21:9    他们上了岸，就看见那里有炭火，上面有鱼，又有饼。
As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread.

21:10    耶稣对他们说，把刚才打的鱼，拿几条来。
Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught.

21:11    西门彼得就去，（或作上船）把网拉到岸上，那网满了大鱼，共一百五十三条。鱼虽这样多，网却没有破。
Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken.

21:12    耶稣说，你们来吃早饭。门徒中没有一个敢问他，你是谁，因为知道是主。
Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord.

21:13    耶稣就来拿饼和鱼给他们。
Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise.

21:14    耶稣从死里复活以后，向门徒显现，这是第三次。
This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead.

21:15    他们吃完了早饭，耶稣对西门彼得说，约翰的儿子西门，（约翰马太十六章十七节称约拿）你爱我比这些更深吗。彼得说，主阿，是的。你知道我爱你。耶稣对他说，你喂养我的小羊。
So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.

21:16    耶稣第二次又对他说，约翰的儿子西门，你爱我吗。彼得说，主阿，是的。你知道我爱你。耶稣说，你牧养我的羊。
He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep.

21:17    第三次对他说，约翰的儿子西门，你爱我吗。彼得因为耶稣第三次对他说，你爱我吗，就忧愁，对耶稣说，主阿，你是无所不知的，你知道我爱你。耶稣说，你喂养我的羊。
He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.

21:18    我实实在在的告诉你，你年少的时候，自己束上带子，随意往来，但年老的时候，你要伸手来，别人要把你束上，带你到不愿意去的地方。
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdedst thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not.

21:19    耶稣说这话，是指着彼得要怎样死荣耀神。说了这话，就对他说，你跟从我吧。
This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me.

21:20    彼得转过来，看见耶稣所爱的那门徒跟着，就是在晚饭的时候，靠着耶稣胸膛，说，主阿，卖你的是谁的那门徒。
Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee?

21:21    彼得看见他，就问耶稣说，主阿，这人将来如何。
Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?

21:22    耶稣对他说，我若要他等到我来的时候，与你何干。你跟从我吧。
Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me.

21:23    于是这话传在弟兄中间，说那门徒不死。其实耶稣不是说他不死。乃是说我若要他等到我来的时候，与你何干。
Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?

21:24    为这些事作见证，并且记载这些事的，就是这门徒。我们也知道他的见证是真的。
This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true.

21:25    耶稣所行的事，还有许多，若是一一的都写出来，我想所写的书，就是世界也容不下去了。
And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.






新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　


1:1    提阿非罗阿，我已经作了前书，论到耶稣开头一切所行所教训的，
The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,

1:2    直到他藉着圣灵吩咐所拣选的使徒，以后被接上升的日子为止。
Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:

1:3    他受害之后，用许多的凭据，将自己活活的显给使徒看，四十天之久向他们显现，讲说神国的事。
To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:

1:4    耶稣和他们聚集的时候，嘱咐他们说，不要离开耶路撒冷，要等候父所应许的，就是你们听我说过的。
And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me.

1:5    约翰是用水施洗。但不多几日，你们要受圣灵的洗。
For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.

1:6    他们聚集的时候，问耶稣说，主阿，你复兴以色列国，就在这时候吗。
When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?

1:7    耶稣对他们说，父凭着自己的权柄，所定的时候日期，不是你们可以知道的。
And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power.

1:8    但圣灵降临在你们身上，你们就必得着能力。并要在耶路撒冷，犹太全地，和撒玛利亚，直到地极，作我的见证。
But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

1:9    说了这话，他们正看的时候，他就被取上升，有一朵云彩把他接去，便看不见他了。
And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.

1:10    当他往上去，他们定睛望天的时候，忽然有两个人，身穿白衣，站在旁边，说，
And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;

1:11    加利利人哪，你们为什么站着望天呢。这离开你们被接升天的耶稣，你们见他怎样往天上去，他还要怎样来。
Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.

1:12    有一座山名叫橄榄山，离耶路撒冷不远，约有安息日可走的路程。当下门徒从那里回耶路撒冷去。
Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day's journey.

1:13    进了城，就上了所住的一间楼房。在那里有彼得，约翰，雅各，安得烈，腓力，多马，巴多罗买，马太，亚勒腓的儿子雅各，奋锐党的西门，和雅各的儿子（或作兄弟）犹大。
And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James.

1:14    这些人，同着几个妇人，和耶稣的母亲马利亚，并耶稣的弟兄，都同心合意的恒切祷告。
These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren.

1:15    那时，有许多人聚会，约有一百二十名，彼得就在弟兄中间站起来，说，
And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)

1:16    弟兄们，圣灵藉大卫的口，在圣经上，预言领人捉拿耶稣的犹大。这话是必须应验的。
Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus.

1:17    他本来列在我们数中，并且在使徒的职任上得了一分。
For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry.

1:18    这人用他作恶的工价，买了一块田，以后身子仆倒，肚腹崩裂，肠子都流出来。
Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out.

1:19    住在耶路撒冷的众人都知道这事，所以按着他们那里的话，给那块田起名叫亚革大马，就是血田的意思。
And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.

1:20    因为诗篇上写着说，愿他的住处，变为荒场，无人在内居住。又说，愿别人得他的职分。
For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take.

1:21    所以主耶稣在我们中间始终出入的时候，
Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,

1:22    就是从约翰施洗起，直到主离开我们被接上升的日子为止，必须从那常与我们作伴的人中，立一位与我们同作耶稣复活的见证。
Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection.

1:23    于是选举两个人，就是那叫作巴撒巴又称呼犹士都的约瑟，和马提亚。
And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias.

1:24    众人就祷告说，主阿，你知道万人的心，求你从这两个人中，指明你所拣选的是谁，叫他得这使徒的位分。
And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen,

1:25    这位分犹大已经丢弃，往自己的地方去了。
That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place.

1:26    于是众人为他们摇签，摇出马提亚来。他就和十一个使徒同列。
And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


2:1    五旬节到了，门徒都聚集在一处。
And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

2:2    忽然从天上有响声下来，好像一阵大风吹过，充满了他们所坐的屋子。
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

2:3    又有舌头如火焰显现出来，分开落在他们各人头上。
And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.

2:4    他们就都被圣灵充满，按着圣灵所赐的口才，说起别国的话来。
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.

2:5    那时，有虔诚的犹太人，从天下各国来，住在耶路撒冷。
And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven.

2:6    这声音一响，众人都来聚集，各人听见门徒用众人的乡谈说话，就甚纳闷。
Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.

2:7    都惊讶希奇说，看哪，这说话的不都是加利利人吗。
And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?

2:8    我们各人，怎样听见他们说我们生来所用的乡谈呢。
And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?

2:9    我们帕提亚人，玛代人，以拦人，和住在美索不达米亚，犹太，加帕多家，本都，亚细亚，
Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,

2:10    弗吕家，旁非利亚，埃及的人，并靠近古利奈的利比亚一带地方的人，从罗马来的客旅中，或是犹太人，或是进犹太教的人，
Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,

2:11    克里特和阿拉伯人，都听见他们用我们的乡谈，讲说神的大能作为。
Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God.

2:12    众人就都惊讶猜疑，彼此说，这是什么意思呢。
And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?

2:13    还有人讥诮说，他们无非是新酒灌满了。
Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.

2:14    彼得和十一个使徒，站起，高声说，犹太人，和一切住在耶路撒冷的人哪，这些事你们当知道，也当侧耳听我的话。
But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:

2:15    你们想这些人是醉了，其实不是醉了，因为时候刚到巳初。
For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.

2:16    这正是先知约珥所说的。神说，在末后的日子，我要将我的灵浇灌凡有血气的。
But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;

2:17    神说，在末后的日子，我要将我的灵浇灌凡有血气的。你们的儿女要说预言。你们的少年人要见异象。老年人要作异梦。
And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

2:18    在那些日子，我要将我的灵浇灌我的仆人和使女，他们就要说预言。
And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:

2:19    在天上我要显出奇事，在地下我要显出神迹，有血，有火，有烟雾。
And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:

2:20    日头要变为黑暗，月亮要变为血，这都在主大而明显的日子未到以前。徒02：20）日头要变为黑暗，月亮要变为血，这都在主大而明显的日子未到以前。
The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before that great and notable day of the Lord come:

2:21    到那时候，凡求告主名的，就必得救。
And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.

2:22    以色列人哪，请听我的话。神藉着拿撒勒人耶稣，在你们中间施行异能，奇事，神迹，将他证明出来，这是你们自己知道的。
Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:

2:23    他既按着神的定旨先见，被交与人，你们就藉着无法之人的手，把他钉在十字架上杀了。
Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:

2:24    神却将死的痛苦解释了，叫他复活。因为他原不能被死拘禁。
Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.

2:25    大卫指着他说，我看见主常在我眼前，他在我右边，叫我不至于摇动。
For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved:



2:26    所以我心里欢喜，我的灵（原文作舌）快乐。并且我的肉身要安居在指望中。
Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:

2:27    因你必不将我的灵魂撇在阴间，也不叫你的圣者见朽坏。
Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.

2:28    你已将生命的道路指示我，必叫我因见你的面，（或作叫我在你面前）得着满足的快乐。
Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance.

2:29    弟兄们，先祖大卫的事，我可以明明的对你们说，他死了，也葬埋了，并且他的坟墓，直到今日还在我们这里。
Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.

2:30    大卫既是先知，又晓得神曾向他起誓，要从他的后裔中，立一位坐在他宝座上。
Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;

2:31    就豫先看明这事，讲论基督复活说，他的灵魂，不撇在阴间，他的肉身，也不见朽坏。
He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.

2:32    这耶稣，神已经叫他复活了，我们都为这事作见证。
This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.

2:33    他既被神的右手高举，（或作他既高举在神的右边）又从父受了所应许的圣灵，就把你们所看见所听见的，浇灌下来。
Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.

2:34    大卫并没有升到天上，但自己说，主对我说，你坐在我的右边，
For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,

2:35    等我使你仇敌作你的脚凳。
Until I make thy foes thy footstool.

2:36    故此，以色列全家当确实的知道，你们钉在十字架上的这位耶稣，神已经立他为主为基督了。
Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.

2:37    众人听见这话，觉得扎心，就对彼得和其馀的使徒说，弟兄们，我们当怎样行。
Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?



2:38    彼得说，你们各人要悔改，奉耶稣基督的名受洗，叫你们的罪得赦，就必领受所赐的圣灵。
Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

2:39    因为这应许是给你们，和你们的儿女，并一切在远方的人，就是主我们神所召来的。
For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call.

2:40    彼得还用许多话作见证，劝勉他们说，你们当救自己脱离这弯曲的世代。
And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.

2:41    于是领受他们的人，就受了洗，那一天，门徒约添了三千人。
Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.

2:42    都恒心遵守使徒的教训，彼此交接，擘饼，祈祷。
And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.

2:43    众人都惧怕。使徒又行了许多奇事神迹。
And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.

2:44    信的人都在一处，凡物公用。
And all that believed were together, and had all things common;

2:45    并且卖了田产家业，照各人所需用的分给各人。
And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.

2:46    他们天天同心合意，恒切的在殿里且在家中擘饼，存着欢喜诚实的心用饭，
And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,

2:47    赞美神，得众民的喜爱。主将得救的人，天天加给他们。
Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


3:1    申初祷告的时候，彼得，约翰，上圣殿去。
Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.

3:2    有一个人，生来是瘸腿的，天天被人抬来，放在殿的一个门口，那门名叫美门，要求进殿的人周济。
And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

3:3    他看见彼得约翰将要进殿，就求他们周济。
Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.

3:4    彼得约翰定睛看他。彼得说，你看我们。
And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

3:5    那人就留意看他们，指望得着什么。
And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.

3:6    彼得说，金银我都没有，只把我所有的给你，我奉拿撒勒人耶稣基督的名，叫你起来行走。
Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.

3:7    于是拉着他的右手，扶他起来，他的脚和踝子骨，立刻健壮了。
And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.

3:8    就跳起来，站着，又行走。同他们进了殿，走着，跳着，赞美神。
And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.

3:9    百姓都看见他行走，赞美神。
And all the people saw him walking and praising God:

3:10    认得他是那素常坐在殿的美门口求周济的，就因他所遇着的事，满心希奇惊讶。
And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him.

3:11    那人正在称为所罗门的廊下，拉着彼得，约翰。众百姓一齐跑到他们那里，很觉希奇。
And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon's, greatly wondering.

3:12    彼得看见，就对百姓说，以色列人哪，为什么把这事当作希奇呢。为什么定睛看我们，以为我们凭自己的能力和虔诚，使这人行走呢。
And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?

3:13    亚伯拉罕，以撒，雅各的神，就是我们列祖的神，已经荣耀了他的仆人耶稣。（仆人或作儿子）你们却把他交付彼拉多。彼拉多定意要释放他，你们竟在彼拉多面前弃绝了他。
The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go.

3:14    你们弃绝了那圣洁公义者，反求着释放一个凶手给你们。
But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you;

3:15    你们杀了那生命的主，神却叫他从死里复活了。我们都是为这事作见证。
And killed the Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses.

3:16    我们因他的名，他的名便叫你们所看见所认识的这人，健壮了。正是他所赐的信心，叫这人在你们众人面前全然好了。
And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.

3:17    弟兄们，我晓得你们作这事，是出于不知，你们的官长也是如此。
And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers.

3:18    但神曾藉众先知的口，预言基督将要受害，就这样应验了。
But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled.

3:19    所以你们当悔改归正，使你们的罪得以涂抹，这样，那安舒的日子，就必从主面前来到。
Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;

3:20    主也必差遣所豫定给你们的基督耶稣降临。
And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:

3:21    天必留他，等到万物复兴的时候，就是神从创世以来，藉着圣先知的口所说的。
Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.

3:22    摩西曾说，主神要从你们弟兄中间，给你们兴起一位先知像我，凡他向你们所说的，你们都要听从。
For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.

3:23    凡不听从那先知的，必要从民中全然灭绝。
And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people.

3:24    从撒母耳以来的众先知，凡说预言的，也都说到这些日子。
Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days.

3:25    你们是先知的子孙，也承受神与你们祖宗所立的约，就是对亚伯拉罕说，地上万族，都要因你的后裔得福。
Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.

3:26    神既兴起他的仆人，（或作儿子）就先差他到你们这里来，赐福给你们，叫你们各人回转，离开罪恶。
Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


4:1    使徒对百姓说话的时候，祭司们和守殿官，并撒都该人，忽然来了。
And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them,

4:2    因他们教训百姓，本着耶稣，传说死人复活，就很烦恼。
Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.

4:3    于是下手拿住他们。因为天已经晚了，就把他们押到第二天。
And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.

4:4    但听道之人，有许多信的，男丁数目，约有五千。
Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.

4:5    第二天，官府，长老，和文士，在耶路撒冷聚会。
And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes,

4:6    又有大祭司亚那，和该亚法，约翰，亚历山大，并大祭司的亲族都在那里。
And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.

4:7    叫使徒站在当中，就问他们说，你们用什么能力，奉谁的名，作这事呢。
And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?

4:8    那时，彼得被圣灵充满，对他们说，
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,

4:9    治民的官府，和长老阿，倘若今日，因为在残疾人身上所行的善事，查问我们他是怎样得了痊愈。
If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;

4:10    你们众人，和以色列百姓，都当知道，站在你们面前的这人得痊愈，是因你们所钉十字架，神叫他从死里复活的，拿撒勒人耶稣基督的名。
Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.

4:11    他是你们匠人所弃的石头，已经成了房角的头块石头。
This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.

4:12    除他以外，别无拯救。因为在天下人间，没有赐下别的名，我们可以靠着得救。
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.

4:13    他们见彼得约翰的胆量，又看出他们原是没有学问的小民，就希奇，认明他们是跟过耶稣的。
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

4:14    又看见那治好了的人，和他们一同站着，就无话可驳。
And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.

4:15    于是吩咐他们从公会出去，就彼此商议说，
But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,

4:16    我们当怎样办这两个人呢，因为他们诚然行了一件明显的神迹，凡住耶路撒冷的人都知道，我们也不能说没有。
Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.

4:17    惟恐这事越传杨在民间，我们必须恐吓他们，叫他们不再奉这名对人讲论。
But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.

4:18    于是叫了他们，禁止他们，总不可奉耶稣的名讲论教训人。
And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.

4:19    彼得约翰说，听从你们，不听从神，这在神面前合理不合理，你们自己酌量吧。
But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.

4:20    我们所看见所听见的，不能不说。
For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard.

4:21    官长为百姓的缘故，想不出法子刑罚他们，又恐吓一番，把他们释放了。这是因众人为所行的奇事，都归荣耀与神。
So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done.

4:22    原来藉着神迹医好的那人，有四十多岁了。
For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was shewed.

4:23    二人既被释放，就到会友那里去，把祭司长和长老所说的话，都告诉他们。
And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them.

4:24    他们听见了，就同心合意的，高声向神说，主阿，你是造天，地，海，和其中万物的。
And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:

4:25    你曾藉着圣灵，托你仆人我们祖宗大卫的口，说，外邦为什么争闹，万民为什么谋算虚妄的事。
Who by the mouth of thy servant David hast said, Why did the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?

4:26    世上的君王一齐起来，臣宰也聚集，要敌挡主，并主的受膏者。（或作基督）
The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ.

4:27    希律和本丢彼拉多，外邦人和以色列民，果然在这城里聚集，要攻打你所膏的圣仆耶稣，（仆或作子）。
For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together,

4:28    成就你手和你意旨所豫定必有的事。
For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done.

4:29    他们恐吓我们，现在求主鉴察。
And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word,

4:30    一面叫你仆人大放胆量，讲你的道，一面伸出你的手来，医治疾病，并且使神迹奇事，因着你圣仆耶稣的名行出来。仆或作子
By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus.

4:31    祷告完了，聚会的地方震动，他们就都被圣灵充满，放胆讲论神的道。
And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness.

4:32    那许多信的人，都是一心一意的，没有一人说，他的东西有一样是自己的，都是大家公用。
And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.

4:33    使徒大有能力，见证主耶稣复活。众人也都蒙大恩。
And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.

4:34    内中也没有一个缺乏的，因为人人将田产房屋都卖了，把所卖的价银拿来，放在使徒脚前。
Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,

4:35    照各人所需用的，分给各人。
And laid them down at the apostles' feet: and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need.

4:36    有一个利未人，生在塞浦路斯，名叫约瑟，使徒称他为巴拿巴。（巴拿巴翻出来，就是劝慰子）。
And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus,

4:37    他有田地，也卖了，把价银拿来，放在使徒脚前。
Having land, sold it, and brought the money, and laid it at the apostles' feet.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


5:1    有一个人，名叫亚拿尼亚，同他的妻子撒非喇，卖了田产。
But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,

5:2    把价银私自留下几分，他的妻子也知道，其馀的几分，拿来放在门徒脚前。
And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet.

5:3    彼得说，亚拿尼亚为什么撒但充满了你的心，叫你欺哄圣灵，把田地的价银私自留下几分呢。
But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?

5:4    田地还没有卖，不是你自己的吗。既卖了，价银不是你作主吗。你怎吗心起这意念呢。你不是欺哄人，是欺哄神了。
Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.



5:5    亚拿尼亚听见这话，就仆倒断了气。听见的人都甚惧怕。
And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and great fear came on all them that heard these things.

5:6    有些少年人起来，把他包裹抬出去埋葬了。
And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him.

5:7    约过了三小时，他的妻子进来，还不知道这事。
And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in.

5:8    彼得对他说，你告诉我，你们卖田地的价银，就是这些吗。他说，就是这些。
And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much? And she said, Yea, for so much.

5:9    彼得说，你们为什么同心试探主的灵呢。埋葬你丈夫之人的脚，已到门口，他们也要把你抬出去。
Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.

5:10    妇人立刻仆倒在彼得脚前，断了气。那些人进来，见他已经死了，就抬出去，埋在他丈夫旁边。
Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband.

5:11    全教会，和听见这事的人，都甚惧怕。
And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things.

5:12    主藉使徒的手，在民间行了许多神迹奇事，（他们（或作信的人）同心合意的在所罗门的廊下。
And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon's porch.

5:13    其馀的人，没有一个敢贴近他们。百姓却尊重他们。
And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.

5:14    信而归主的人越发增添，连男带女很多）。
And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)

5:15    甚至有人将病人抬到街上，放在床上，或褥子上，指望彼得过来的时候，或者得他的影儿照在什么人身上。
Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.

5:16    还有许多人，带着病人，和被污鬼缠磨的，从耶路撒冷四围的城邑来，全都得了医治。
There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one.

5:17    大祭司和他的一切同人，就是撒都该教门的人，都起来，满心忌恨。
Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,

5:18    就下手拿住使徒，收在外监。
And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison.

5:19    但主的使者，夜间开了监门，领他们出来，
But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said,

5:20    说，你们去站在殿里，把这生命的道，都讲给百姓听。
Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.

5:21    使徒听了这话，天将亮的时候，就进殿里去教训人。大祭司和他的同人来了，叫齐公会的人，和以色列族的众长老，就差人到监里去，要把使徒提出来。
And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought.

5:22    但差役到了，不见他们在监里，就回来禀报说，
But when the officers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned, and told,

5:23    我们看见监牢关得极妥当，看守的人也站在门外，及至开了门，里面一个人都不见。
Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within.

5:24    守殿官和祭司长听见这话，心里犯难，不知这事将来如何。
Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow.

5:25    有一个人来禀报说，你们收在监里的人，现在站在殿里教训百姓。
Then came one and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom ye put in prison are standing in the temple, and teaching the people.

5:26    于是守殿官和差役去带使徒来，并没有用强暴。因为怕百姓用石头打他们。
Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned.

5:27    带到了，便叫使徒站在公会前，大祭司问他们说，
And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them,

5:28    我们不是严严的禁止你们，不可奉这名教训人吗。你们倒把你们的道理充满了耶路撒冷，想要叫这人的血归到我们身上。
Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us.

5:29    彼得和众使徒回答说，顺从神，不顺从人，是应当的。
Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.

5:30    你们挂在木头上杀害的耶稣，我们祖宗的神已经叫他复活。
The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree.

5:31    神且用右手将他高举，（或作他就是神高举在自己的右边）叫他作君王，作救主，将悔改的心，和赦罪的恩，赐给以色列人。
Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins.

5:32    我们为这事作见证。神赐给顺从之人的圣灵，也为这事作见证。
And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him.

5:33    公会的人听见就极其恼怒，想要杀他们。
When they heard that, they were cut to the heart, and took counsel to slay them.

5:34    但有一个法利赛人，名叫迦玛列，是众百性所敬重的教法师，在公会中站起来，吩咐人把使徒暂且带到外面去。
Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;

5:35    就对众人说，以色列人哪，论到这些人，你们应当小心怎样办理。
And said unto them, Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men.

5:36    从前丢大起来，自夸为大。附从他的人约有四百。他被杀后，附从他的全部散了，归于无有。
For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought.

5:37    此后报名上册的时候，又有加利利的犹大起来，引诱些百姓跟从他，他也灭亡，附从他的人也都四散了。
After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed.

5:38    现在我劝你们不要管这些人，任凭他们吧，他们所谋的，所行的，若是出于人，必要败坏。
And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought:

5:39    若是出于神，你们就不能败坏他们。恐怕你们倒是攻击神了。
But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.

5:40    公会的人听从了他，便叫使徒来，把他们打了，又吩咐他们不可奉耶稣的名讲道，就把他们释放了。
And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go.

5:41    他们离开公会，心里欢喜。因为被算是配为这名受辱。
And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name.

5:42    他们就每日在殿里，在家里，不住的教训人，传耶稣是基督。
And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


6:1    那时，门徒增多，有说希腊话的犹太人，向希伯来人发怨言。因为在天天的供给上忽略了他们的寡妇。
And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration.

6:2    十二使徒叫众门徒来，对他们说，我们撇下神的道，去管理饭食，原是不合宜的。
Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables.

6:3    所以弟兄们，当从你们中间选出七个有好名声，被圣灵充满，智慧充足的人，我们就派他们管理这事。
Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.

6:4    但我们要专心以祈祷传道为事。
But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.

6:5    大家都喜悦这话，就拣选了司提反，乃是大有信心，圣灵充满的人，又拣选腓利，伯罗哥罗，尼迦挪，提门，巴米拿，并进犹太教的安提阿人尼哥拉。
And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:

6:6    叫他们站在使徒面前。使徒祷告了，就按手在他们头上。
Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them.

6:7    神的道兴旺起来。在耶路撒冷门徒数目加增的甚多。也有许多祭司信从了这道。
And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith.

6:8    司提反满得恩惠能力，在民间行了大奇事和神迹。
And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people.

6:9    当时有称利百地拿会堂的几个人，并有古利奈，亚力山太，基利家，亚细亚，各处会堂的几个人，都起来，和司提反辩论。
Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen.

6:10    司提反是以智慧和圣灵说话，众人敌挡不住。
And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake.

6:11    就买出人来说，我们听见他说谤？？摩西，和神的话。
Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God.

6:12    他们又耸动了百姓，长老，并文士，就忽然来捉拿他，把他带到公会去，
And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon him, and caught him, and brought him to the council,

6:13    设下假见证说，这个人说话，不住的糟践圣所和律法。
And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:

6:14    我们曾听见他说，这拿撒勒人耶稣，要毁坏此地，也要改变摩西所交给我们的规条。
For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us.

6:15    在公会里坐着的人，都是定睛看他，见他的面貌，好像天使的面貌。
And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


7:1    大祭司就说，这些事果然有吗。
Then said the high priest, Are these things so?

7:2    司提反说，诸位父兄请听。当日我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕在美索不达米亚还未住哈兰的时候，荣耀的神向他显现，
And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran,

7:3    对他说，你要离开本地和亲族，往我要指示你的地方去。
And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee.

7:4    他就离开迦勒底人之地住在哈兰。他父亲死了以后，神使他从那里搬到你们现在所住之地。
Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein ye now dwell.

7:5    在这地方神并没有给他产业，连立足之地也没有给他。但应许要将这地赐给他和他的后裔为业。那时他还没有儿子。
And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child.

7:6    神说，他的后裔，必寄居外邦，那里的人，要叫他们作奴仆，苦待他们四百年。
And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil four hundred years.

7:7    神又说，使他们作奴仆的那国，我要惩罚，以后他们要出来，在这地方事奉我。
And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God: and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place.

7:8    神又赐他割礼的约。于是亚伯拉罕生了以撒，第八日给他行了割礼。以撒生雅各，雅各生十二位先祖。
And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs.

7:9    先祖嫉妒约瑟，把他卖到埃及去。神却与他同在，
And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him,

7:10    救他脱离一切苦难，又使他在埃及王法老面前，得恩典有智慧。法老就派他作埃及国的宰相兼管全家。
And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.

7:11    后来埃及和迦南全地遭遇饥荒，大受艰难，我们的祖宗，就绝了粮。
Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.

7:12    雅各听见在埃及有粮，就打发我们的祖宗，初次往那里去。
But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first.

7:13    第二次约瑟与弟兄相认，他的亲族也被法老知道了。
And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh.

7:14    约瑟就打发弟兄请父亲雅各，和全家七十五个人都来。
Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls.

7:15    于是雅各下了埃及，后来他和我们的祖宗都死在那里。
So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers,

7:16    又被带到示剑，葬于亚伯拉罕在示剑用银子从哈抹子孙买来的坟墓里。
And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem.

7:17    及至神应许亚伯拉罕的日期将到，以色列民在埃及兴盛众多，
But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,

7:18    直到有不晓得约瑟的新王兴起。
Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.

7:19    他用诡计待我们的宗族，苦害我们的祖宗，叫他们丢弃婴孩，使婴孩不能存活。
The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live.

7:20    那时，摩西生下来，俊美非凡，在他父亲家里抚养了三个月。
In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father's house three months:

7:21    他被丢弃的时候，法老的女儿拾了去，养为自己的儿子。
And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son.

7:22    摩西学了埃及人一切的学问，说话行事，都有才能。
And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was mighty in words and in deeds.

7:23    他将到四十岁，心中起意，去看望他的弟兄以色列人。
And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel.

7:24    到了那里，见他们一个人受冤屈，就护庇他，为那受欺压的人报仇，打死了埃及人。
And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:

7:25    他以为弟兄必明白神是藉他的手搭救他们。他们却不明白。
For he supposed his brethren would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not.

7:26    第二天，遇见两个以色列人争斗，就劝他们和睦，说，你们二位是弟兄，为什么彼此欺负呢。
And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?

7:27    那欺负邻舍的，把他推开说，谁立你作我们的首领，和审判官呢。
But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us?

7:28    难道你要杀我，像昨天杀那埃及人吗。
Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?

7:29    摩西听见这话就逃走了，寄居于米甸。在那里生了两个儿子。
Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of Madian, where he begat two sons.

7:30    过了四十年，在西奈山的旷野，有一位天使，从荆棘火焰中，向摩西显现。
And when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush.

7:31    摩西见了那异象，便觉希奇。正进前观看的时候，有主的声音说，
When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the LORD came unto him,

7:32    我是你列祖的神，就是亚伯拉罕的神，以撒的神，雅各的神。徒07：32）摩西战战竞竞，不敢观看。
Saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold.

7:33    主对他说，把你脚上的鞋脱下来。因为你所站之地是圣地。
Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for the place where thou standest is holy ground.



7:34    我的百姓在埃及所受的困苦，我实在看见了。他们悲叹的声音，我也听见了。我下来要救他们，你来，我要差你往埃及去。
I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now come, I will send thee into Egypt.

7:35    这摩西，就是百姓弃绝说，谁立你作我们的首领，和审判官的。神却藉那在荆棘中显现之使者的手，差派他作首领，作救赎的。
This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush.

7:36    这人领百姓出来，在埃及，在红海，在旷野，四十年间行了奇事神迹。
He brought them out, after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years.

7:37    那曾对以色列人说，神要从你们弟兄中间，给你们兴起一位先知像我的，就是这位摩西。
This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear.

7:38    这人曾在旷野会中，和西奈山上与那对他说话的天使同在，又与我们的祖宗同在，并且领受活泼的圣言传给我们。
This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:

7:39    我们的祖宗不肯听从，反弃绝他，心里归向埃及，
To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt,

7:40    对亚伦说，你且为我们造些神像，在我们前面引路。因为领我们出埃及地的那个摩西，我们不知道他遭了什么事。
Saying unto Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.

7:41    那时，他们造了一个牛犊，又拿祭物献给那像，欢喜自己手中的工作。
And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.

7:42    神就转脸不顾，任凭他们事奉天上的日月星辰，正如先知书上所写的说，以色列家阿，你们四十年间在旷野，岂是将牺牲和祭物献给我吗。
Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?

7:43    你们抬着摩洛的帐幕，和理番神的星。就是你们所造为要敬拜的像。因此，我要把你们迁到巴比伦外去。
Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon.

7:44    我们的祖宗在旷野，有法柜的帐幕，是神吩咐摩西叫他照所看见的样式作的。
Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen.

7:45    这帐幕，我们的祖宗相继承，当神在他们面前赶出外邦人去的时候，他们同约书亚把张幕搬进承受为业之地，直存到大卫的日子。
Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our fathers, unto the days of David;

7:46    大卫在神面前蒙恩，祈求为雅各的神豫备居所。
Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob.

7:47    却是所罗门为神造成殿宇。
But Solomon built him an house.

7:48    其实至高者并不住人手所造的。就如先知所言，
Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith the prophet,

7:49    主说，天是我的座位，地是我的脚凳。你们要为我造何等的殿宇，那里是我安息的地方呢。
Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?

7:50    这一切都是我手中所造的吗。
Hath not my hand made all these things?

7:51    你们这硬着颈项，心与耳未受割礼的人，常时抗拒圣灵。你们的祖宗怎样，你们也怎样。
Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.

7:52    那一个先知，不是你们祖宗逼迫呢。他们也把豫先传说那义者要来的人杀了。如今你们又把那义者卖了，杀了。
Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers:

7:53    你们受了天使所传的律法，竟不遵守。
Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it.

7:54    众人听见这话，就极其恼怒，向司提反咬牙切齿。
When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with their teeth.

7:55    但司提反被圣灵充满，定睛望天，看见神的荣耀，又看见耶稣站在神的右边。
But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,

7:56    就说，我看见天开了，人子站在神的右边。
And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.

7:57    众人大声喊叫，捂着耳朵，齐心拥上前去。
Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord,

7:58    把他推到城外，用石头打他。作见证的人，把衣裳放在一个少年人名叫扫罗的脚前。
And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul.

7:59    他们正用石头打的时候，司提反呼吁主说，求耶稣接收我的灵魂。
And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.

7:60    又跪下大声喊着说，主阿，不要将这罪归于他们。说了这话就睡了。扫罗也喜悦他被害。
And he kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


8:1    从这日起，耶路撒冷的教会，大遭逼迫。除了使徒以外，门徒都分散在犹太和撒玛列亚各处。
And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.

8:2    有虔诚的人，把司提反埋葬了，为他捶胸大哭。
And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him.

8:3    扫罗却残害教会，进各人的家，拉着男女下在监里。
As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison.

8:4    那些分散的人，往各处去传道。
Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word.

8:5    腓利下撒玛利亚城去，宣讲基督。
Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.

8:6    众人听见了，又看见腓利所行的神迹，就同心合意的听从他的话。
And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.

8:7    因为有许多人被污鬼附着，那些鬼大声呼叫，从他们身上出来。还有许多瘫痪的，瘸腿的，都得了医治。
For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.

8:8    在那城里，就大有欢喜。
And there was great joy in that city.

8:9    有一个人，名叫西门，向来在那城里行邪术，妄自尊大，使撒玛利亚的百姓惊奇。
But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:

8:10    无论大小，都听从他，说，这人就是称为神的大能者。
To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God.

8:11    他们听从他，因他久用邪术，使他们惊奇。
And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.

8:12    及至他们信了腓利所传神国的福音，和耶稣基督的名，连男带女就受了洗。
But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.

8:13    西门自己也信了。既受了洗，就常与腓利在一处。看见他所行的神迹和大异能，就甚惊奇。
Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done.

8:14    使徒在耶路撒冷，听见撒玛利亚人领受了神的道，就打发彼得约翰往他们那里去。
Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:

8:15    两个人到了，就为他们祷告，要叫他们受圣灵。
Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:

8:16    因为圣灵还没有降在他们一人身上。他们只奉主耶稣的名受了洗。
(For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)

8:17    于是使徒按手在他们头上，他们就受了圣灵。
Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.

8:18    西门看见使徒按手，便有圣灵赐下。就拿钱给使徒说，
And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,

8:19    把这权柄也给我，叫我手按着谁。谁就可以受圣灵。
Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.

8:20    彼得说，你的银子，和你一同灭亡吧。因你想神的恩赐，是可以用钱买的。
But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.

8:21    你在这道上，无分无关。因为在神面前，你的心不正。
Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God.

8:22    你当懊悔你这罪恶，祈求主。或者你心里的意念可得赦免。
Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.

8:23    我看出你正在苦胆之中，被罪恶捆绑。
For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity.

8:24    西门说，愿你们为我求主，叫你们所说的，没有一样临到我身上。
Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the LORD for me, that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me.

8:25    使徒既证明主道，而且传讲，就回耶路撒冷去，一路在撒玛利亚好些村庄传扬福音。
And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans.

8:26    有主的一个使者对腓利说，起来，向南走，往那从耶路撒冷下迦萨的路上去。那路是旷野。
And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.

8:27    腓利就起身去了。不料，有一个埃塞俄比亚人（既古实见以赛亚十八章一节）是个有大权的太监，在埃塞俄比亚女王干大基的手下总管银库，他上耶路撒冷礼拜去了。
And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,

8:28    现在回来，在车上坐着，念先知以赛亚的书。
Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.

8:29    圣灵对腓利说，你去贴近那车走。
Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this chariot.

8:30    腓利就跑到太监那里，听见他念先知以赛亚的书，便问他说，你所念的，你明白吗。
And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou what thou readest?

8:31    他说，没有人指教我，怎能明白呢。于是请腓利上车，与他同坐。
And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come up and sit with him.

8:32    他所念的那段经，说，他像羊被牵到宰杀之地，又像羊羔在剪毛的手下无声，他也是这样不开口。
The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his mouth:

8:33    他卑微的时候，人不按公义审判他。（原文作他的审判被夺去）谁能述说他的世代，因为他的生命从地上夺去。
In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth.

8:34    太监对腓利说，请问先知说这话，是指着谁，是指着自己呢，是指着别人呢。
And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?

8:35    腓利就开口从这经上起，对他传讲耶稣
Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus.

8:36    二人正往前走，到了有水的地方，太监说，看哪，这里有水，我受洗有什么妨碍呢。（有古卷在此有腓利说，
And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?

8:37    你若是一心相信就可以，他回答说，我信耶稣基督是神的儿子）
And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.

8:38    于是吩咐车站住，腓利和太监二人同下水里去，腓利就给他施洗。
And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.

8:39    从水里上来，主的灵把腓利提了去，太监也不再见他了，就欢欢喜喜的走路。
And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way rejoicing.

8:40    后来有人在亚锁都遇见腓利，他走遍那地方，在各城宣传福音，直到凯撒利亚。
But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


9:1    扫罗仍然向主的门徒，口吐威吓凶杀的话，去见大祭司，
And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest,

9:2    求文书给大马士革的各会堂，若是找着信奉这道的人，无论男女，都准他捆绑带到耶路撒冷。
And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem.

9:3    扫罗行路，将到大马士革，忽然从天上发光，四面照着他。
And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:

9:4    他就仆倒在地，听见有声音对他说，扫罗，扫罗，你为什么逼迫我。
And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?

9:5    他说，主阿，你是谁。主说，我就是你所逼迫的耶稣。
And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.

9:6    起来，进城去，你当作的事，必有人告诉你。
And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do.

9:7    同行的人，站在那里，说不出话来，听见声音，却看不见人。
And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man.

9:8    扫罗从地上起来，睁开眼睛，竟不能看见什么。有人拉他的手，领他进了大马士革。
And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.

9:9    三日不能看见，也不吃，也不喝。
And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink.

9:10    当下在大马士革，有一个门徒，名叫亚拿尼亚。主在异象中对他说，亚拿尼亚。他说，主，我在这里。
And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord.

9:11    主对他说，起来，往直街去，在犹大的家里，访问一个大数人名叫扫罗。他正祷告。
And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth,

9:12    又看见了一个人，名叫亚拿尼亚，进来按手在他身上，叫他能看见。
And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight.

9:13    亚拿尼亚回答说，主阿，我听见许多人说，这人怎样在耶路撒冷多多苦害你的圣徒。
Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:

9:14    并且他在这里有从祭司长得来的权柄捆绑一切求告你名的人。
And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name.

9:15    主对亚拿尼亚说，你只管去。他是我所拣选的器皿，要在外邦人和君王并以色列人面前，宣扬我的名。
But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:

9:16    我也要指示他，为我的名必须受许多的苦难。
For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake.

9:17    亚拿尼亚就去了，进入那家，把手按在扫罗身上说，兄弟扫罗，在你来的路上，向你显现的主，就是耶稣，打发我来，叫你能看见，又被圣灵充满。
And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.

9:18    扫罗的眼睛上，好像有鳞立刻掉下来，他就能看见，于是起来受了洗。
And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized.

9:19    吃过饭就健壮了。
And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus.

9:20    扫罗和大马士革的门徒同住了些日子。就在各会堂里宣传耶稣，说他是神的儿子。
And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God.

9:21    凡听见的人，都惊奇说，在耶路撒冷残害求告这名的，不是这人吗。并且他到这里来，特要捆绑他们带到祭司长那里。
But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?

9:22    但扫罗越发有能力，驳倒住大马士革的犹太人，证明耶稣是基督。
But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ.

9:23    过了好些日子，犹太人商议要杀扫罗。
And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:

9:24    但他们的计谋，被扫罗知道了。他们又昼夜在城门守候要杀他。
But their laying await was known of Saul. And they watched the gates day and night to kill him.

9:25    他的门徒就在夜间，用筐子把他从城墙上缒下去。
Then the disciples took him by night, and let him down by the wall in a basket.

9:26    扫罗到了耶路撒冷，想与门徒结交。他们却都怕他，不信他是门徒。
And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple.

9:27    惟有巴拿巴接待他，领他去见使徒，把他在路上怎吗看见主，主怎样向他说话，他在大马士革，怎样奉耶稣的名放胆传道，都述说出来。
But Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus.

9:28    于是扫罗在耶路撒冷，和门徒出入来往，
And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem.

9:29    奉主的名，放胆传道。并与说希腊话的犹太人，讲论辩驳。他们却想法子要杀他。
And he spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him.

9:30    弟兄们知道了，就送他下凯撒利亚，打发他往大数去。
Which when the brethren knew, they brought him down to Caesarea, and sent him forth to Tarsus.

9:31    那时犹太，加利利，撒玛利亚，各处的教会都得平安，被建立。凡事敬畏主，蒙圣灵的安慰，人数就增多了。
Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.

9:32    彼得周流四方的时候，也到了居住吕大的圣徒那里。
And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda.

9:33    遇见一个人，名叫以尼雅，得了瘫痪，在褥子上躺卧八年。
And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy.

9:34    彼得对他说，以尼雅，耶稣基督医好你了。起来收拾你的褥子。他就立刻起来了。
And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately.

9:35    凡住吕大和沙仑的人都看见了他，就归服主。
And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord.

9:36    在约帕有一个女徒，名叫大比大，翻希腊话，就是多加。（多加就是羚羊的意思）他广行善事，多施周济。
Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.

9:37    当时，他患病而死。有人把他洗了。停在楼上。
And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.

9:38    吕大原与约帕相近。门徒听见彼得在那里，就打发两个人去见他，央求他说，快到我们那里去，不要耽延。
And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.

9:39    彼得就起身和他们同去。到了，便有人领他上楼。众寡妇都站在彼得旁边哭，拿多加与他们同在时，所做的里衣外衣给他看。
Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

9:40    彼得叫他们都出去，就跪下祷告，转身对着死人说，大比大，起来，他就睁开眼睛，见了彼得，便坐起来。
But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

9:41    彼得伸手扶他起来，叫圣徒和寡妇进去，把多加活活的交给他们。
And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.

9:42    这事传遍了约帕，就有许多人信了主。
And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.

9:43    此后彼得在约帕一个硝皮匠西门的家里，住了多日。
And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


10:1    在凯撒利亚有一个人，名叫哥尼流，是意大利营的百夫长。
There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,

10:2    他是个虔诚人，他和全家都敬畏）神，多多周济百姓，常常祷告）神。
A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God alway.

10:3    有一天，约在申初，他在异象中，明明看见神的一个使者进去，到他那里，说，哥尼流。
He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius.

10:4    哥尼流定睛看他，惊怕说，主阿，什么事呢。天使说，你的祷告，和你的周济，达到神面前已蒙记念了。
And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God.

10:5    现在你打发人往约帕去，请那称呼彼得的西门来。
And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:

10:6    他住在海边一个硝皮匠西门的家里。房子在海边上。
He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do.

10:7    向他说话的天使去后，哥尼流叫了两个家人，和常伺候他的一个虔诚兵来。
And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;

10:8    把这事都述说给他们听，就打发他们往约帕去。
And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa.

10:9    第二天，他们行路将近那城，彼得约在午正，上房顶去祷告。
On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:

10:10    觉得饿了，想要吃。那家的人正豫备饭的时候，彼得魂游象外。
And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,

10:11    看见天开了，有一物降下，好像一块大布。系着四角，槌在地上。
And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending unto him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth:

10:12    里面有地上各样四足的走兽，和昆虫，并天上的飞鸟。
Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.

10:13    又有声音向他说，彼得起来，宰了吃。
And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.

10:14    彼得却说，主阿，这是不可的，凡俗物，和不洁净的物，我从来没有吃过。
But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean.

10:15    第二次有声音向他说，神所洁净的，你不可当作俗物。
And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.

10:16    这样一连三次，那物随既收回天上去了。
This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven.

10:17    彼得心里正在猜疑之间，不知所看见的异象是什么意思，哥尼流所差来的人，已经访问到西门的家，站在门外，
Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon's house, and stood before the gate,

10:18    喊着问，有称呼彼得的西门住在这里没有。
And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there.

10:19    彼得还思想那异象的时候，圣灵向他说，有三个人来找你。
While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee.

10:20    起来，下去，和他们同往，不要疑惑。因为是我差他们来的。
Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.

10:21    于是彼得下去见那些人，说，我就是你们所找的人。你们来是为什么缘故。
Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?

10:22    他们说，百夫长哥尼流是个义人，敬畏神，为犹太通国所称赞，他蒙一位圣天使指示，叫他请你到他家里去，听你的话。
And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee.

10:23    彼得请他们进去，住了一宿。
Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him.

10:24    次日起身和他们同去，还有约帕的几个弟兄同着他去。又次日，他们进入凯撒利亚。哥尼流已经请了他的亲属密友，等候他们。
And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and had called together his kinsmen and near friends.

10:25    彼得一进去，哥尼流就迎接他，俯伏在他脚前拜他。
And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.

10:26    彼得却拉他说，我也是人。
But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.

10:27    彼得和他说着话进去，见有好些人在那里聚集，
And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together.

10:28    就对他们说，你们知道犹太人，和别国的人亲近往来，本是不合例的。但神已经指示我，无论什么人，都不能看作俗而不洁净的。
And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean.

10:29    所已我被请的时候，就不推辞而来。现在请问，你们叫我来有什么意思呢。
Therefore came I unto you without gainsaying, as soon as I was sent for: I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me?

10:30    哥尼流说，前四天这个时候，我在家中守着申初的祷告，忽然有一个人，穿着光明的衣裳，站在我面前，
And Cornelius said, Four days ago I was fasting until this hour; and at the ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing,

10:31    说，哥尼流，你的祷告，已蒙垂听，你的周济，达到神面前已蒙记念了。
And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.

10:32    你当打发人往约帕去，请那称呼彼得的西门来，他住在海边一个硝皮匠西门的家里。
Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee.

10:33    所以我立时打发人去请你，你来了很好。现在我们都在神面前，要听主所吩咐你的一切话。
Immediately therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded thee of God.

10:34    彼得就开口说，我真看出神是不偏待人。
Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:

10:35    原来各国中，那敬畏主行义的人，都为主所悦纳。
But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.

10:36    神藉着耶稣基督（他是万有的主）传和平的福音，将这道赐给以色列人。
The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)

10:37    这话在约翰宣传洗礼以后，所加利利起，传遍了犹太。
That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;

10:38    神怎样以圣灵和能力，膏拿撒勒人耶稣，这都是你们知道的。他周流四方行善事，医好凡被魔鬼压制的人。因为神与他同在。
How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.

10:39    他在犹太人之地，并耶路撒冷，所行的一切事，有我们作见证。他们把他挂在木头上杀了。
And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree:

10:40    第三日神叫他复活，显现出来，
Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly;

10:41    不是显给众人看，乃是显给神豫先所拣选为他作见证的人看，就是我们这些在他从死里复活以后，和他同吃同喝的人。
Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before of God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead.

10:42    他吩咐我们传道给众人，证明他是神所立定的，要作审判活人死人的主。
And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.

10:43    众先知也为他作见证，说，凡信他的人，必因他的名，得蒙赦罪。
To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.

10:44    彼得还说这话的时候，圣灵降在一切听道的人身上。
While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.

10:45    那些奉割礼和彼得同来的信徒，见圣灵的恩赐也浇在外邦人身上，就都希奇。
And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.

10:46    因听见他们说方言，称赞神为大。
For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,

10:47    于是彼得说，这些人既受了圣灵，与我们一样，谁能禁止用水给他们施洗呢。
Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?

10:48    就吩咐奉耶稣基督的名给他们施洗。他们又请彼得住了几天。
And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


11:1    使徒和在犹太的众弟兄，听说外邦人也领受了神的道。
And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.

11:2    及至彼得上了耶路撒冷，那些奉割礼的门徒和他争辩说，
And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,

11:3    你进入未受割礼之人的家，和他们一同吃饭了。
Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them.

11:4    彼得就开口，把这事挨次给他们讲解说，
But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying,

11:5    我在约帕城里祷告的时候，魂游象外，看见异象，有一物降下，好像一块大布，系着四角，从天上缒下，直来到我跟前。
I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:

11:6    我定睛观看，见内中有地上四足的牲畜，和野兽，昆虫，并天上的飞鸟。
Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.

11:7    我且听见有声音向我说，彼得，起来，宰了吃。
And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat.

11:8    我说，主阿，这是不可的。凡俗而不洁净的物，从来没有入过我的口。
But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time entered into my mouth.

11:9    第二次，有声音从天上说，神所洁净的，你不可当作俗物。
But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.

11:10    这样一连三次，就都收回天上去了。
And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.

11:11    正当那时，有三个人站在我们所住的房门前，是从凯撒利亚差来见我的。
And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me.

11:12    圣灵吩咐我和他们同去，不要疑惑。（或作不要分别等类）同着我去的，还有这六位弟兄。我们都进了那人的家。
And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:

11:13    那人就告诉我们，他如何看见一位天使，站在他屋里，说，你打发人往约帕去，请那称呼彼得的西门来。
And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;

11:14    他有话告诉你，可以叫你和你的全家得救。
Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.

11:15    我一开讲，圣灵便降在他们身上，正像当初降在我们身上一样。
And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning.

11:16    我就想起主的话说，约翰是用水施洗，但你们要受圣灵的洗。
Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.

11:17    神既然给他们恩赐，像在我们信主耶稣基督的时候，给了我们一样，我是谁，能拦阻神呢。
Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?

11:18    众人听见这话，就不言语了。只归荣耀与神，说，这样看来，神也赐恩给外邦人，叫他们悔改得生命了。
When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.

11:19    那些因司提反的事遭患难四散的门徒，直走到腓尼基，和塞浦路斯，并安提阿。他们不向别人讲道，只向犹太人讲。
Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only.

11:20    但内中有塞浦路斯，和古利奈人，他们到了安提阿，也向希腊人传讲主耶稣。（有古卷作也向说希腊话的犹太人传讲主耶稣）
And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus.

11:21    主与他们同在，信而归主的人就很多了。
And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.

11:22    这风声传到耶路撒冷教会人的耳中，他们就打发巴拿巴出去，走到安提阿为止。
Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.

11:23    他到了那里，看见神所赐的恩，就欢喜，劝勉众人，立定心志，恒久靠主。
Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.

11:24    巴拿巴原是个好人，被圣灵充满，大有信心。于是有许多人归服了主。
For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord.

11:25    他又往大数去找扫罗，
Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:

11:26    找着了，就带他到安提阿去。他们足有一年的工夫，和教会一同聚集，教训了许多人。门徒称为基督徒，是从安提阿起首。
And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.

11:27    当那些日子，有几位先知从耶路撒冷下到安提阿。
And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.

11:28    内中有一位，名叫亚迦布站起来，藉着圣灵，指明天下将有大饥荒。这事到革老丢年间果然有了。
And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar.

11:29    于是门徒定意，照各人的力量捐钱，送去供给住在犹太的弟兄。
Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:

11:30    他们就这样行，把捐项托巴拿巴和扫罗，送到众长老那里。
Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


12:1    那时，希律王手下苦害教会中几个人。
Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.

12:2    用刀杀了约翰的哥哥雅各。
And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.

12:3    他见犹太人喜欢这事，又去捉拿彼得。那时正是除酵的日子。
And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. (Then were the days of unleavened bread.)

12:4    希律拿了彼得收在监里，交付四班兵丁看守，每班四个人，意思要在逾越节后，把他提出来，当着百姓办他
And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.

12:5    于是彼得被囚在监里。教会却为他切切的祷告神。
Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.

12:6    希律将要提他出来的前一夜，彼得被两条铁链锁着，睡在两个兵丁当中。看守的人也在门外看守。
And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.

12:7    忽然有主的一个使者，站在旁边，屋里有光照耀。天使拍彼得的肋旁，拍醒了他，说，快快起来。那铁链就从他手上脱落下来。
And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

12:8    天使对他说，束上带子。穿上鞋。他就那样作。天使又说，披上外衣跟着我来。
And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.

12:9    彼得就出来跟着他，不知道天使所作是真的，只当见了异象。
And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.



12:10    过了第一层，第二层监牢，就来到临街的铁门。那门自己开了。他们出来，走过一条街，天使便离开他去了。
When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.

12:11    彼得醒悟过来，说，我现在真知道主差遣他的使者，救我脱离希律的手，和犹太百姓一切所盼望的。
And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the LORD hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.

12:12    想了一想，就往那称呼马可的约翰他母亲马利亚家去。在那里有好些人聚集祷告。
And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.

12:13    彼得敲外门，有一个使女，名叫罗大出来探听。
And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda.

12:14    听见是彼得的声音，就欢喜的顾不得开门，跑进去告诉众人说，彼得站在门外。
And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate.

12:15    他们说，你是疯了。使女极力的说，真是他。他们说，必是他的天使。
And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.

12:16    彼得不住的敲门。他们开了门，看见他，就甚惊奇。
But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished.

12:17    彼得摆手，不要他们作声，就告诉他们主怎样领他出监。又说，你们把这事告诉雅各，和众弟兄。于是出去往别处去了。
But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place.

12:18    到了天亮，兵丁扰乱得很，不知道彼得往那里去了。
Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter.

12:19    希律找他，找不着，就审问看守的人，吩咐把他们拉去杀了。后来希律离开犹太，下凯撒利亚去，住在那里。
And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode.

12:20    希律恼怒推罗西顿的人。他们那一块地方，是从王的地土得粮，因此就托了王的内侍臣伯拉斯都的情，一心来求和。
And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country.

12:21    希律在所定的日子，穿上朝服，坐在位上，对他们讲论一番。
And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them.

12:22    百姓喊着说，这是神的声音，不是人的声音。
And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.

12:23    希律不归荣耀给神，所以主的使者立刻罚他。他被虫所咬，气就绝了。
And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost.

12:24    神的道日见兴旺，越发广传。
But the word of God grew and multiplied.

12:25    巴拿巴和扫罗，办完了他们供给的事，就从耶路撒冷回来，带着称呼马可的约翰同去。
And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


13:1    在安提阿的教会中，有几位先知和教师，就是巴拿巴，和称呼尼结的西面，古利奈人路求，与分封之王希律同养的马念，并扫罗。
Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.

13:2    他们事奉主，禁食的时候，圣灵说，要为我分派巴拿巴和扫罗，去作我召他们所作的工。
As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.

13:3    于是禁食祷告，按手在他们头上，就打发他们去了。
And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.

13:4    他们既被圣灵差遣，就下到西流基，从那里坐船往塞浦路斯去。
So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus.

13:5    到了撒拉米，就在犹太人各会堂里传讲神的道。也有约翰作他们的帮手。
And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister.

13:6    经过全岛，直到帕弗，在那里遇见一个有法术假充先知的犹太人，名叫巴耶稣。
And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:

13:7    这人常和方伯士求保罗同在，士求保罗是个通达人。他请了巴拿巴和扫罗来，要听神的道。
Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God.

13:8    只是那行法术的吕马，（这名翻出来就是行法术的意思）敌挡使徒，要叫方伯不信真道。
But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith.

13:9    扫罗又名保罗，被圣灵充满定睛看他，
Then Saul, (who also is called Paul,) filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him,

13:10    说，你这充满各样诡诈奸恶，魔鬼的儿子，众善得仇敌，你混乱主的正道还不止住吗。
And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?

13:11    现在主的手加在你身上。你要瞎眼，暂且不见日光。他的眼睛立刻昏蒙黑暗，四下里求人拉着手领他。
And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.

13:12    方伯看见所作的事，很希奇主的道，就信了。
Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord.

13:13    保罗和他的同人，从帕弗开船，来到旁非利亚的别加。约翰就离开他们回耶路撒冷去。
Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to Perga in Pamphylia: and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem.

13:14    他们离了别加往前行，来到彼西底的安提阿。在安息日进会堂作下。
But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down.

13:15    读完了律法先知的书，管会堂的叫人过去，对他们说，二位兄台，若有什么劝勉众人的话，请说。
And after the reading of the law and the prophets the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them, saying, Ye men and brethren, if ye have any word of exhortation for the people, say on.

13:16    保罗就起来，举手说，以色列人，和一切敬畏神的人，请听。
Then Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and ye that fear God, give audience.

13:17    这以色列民的神，拣选了我们的祖宗，当民寄居埃及的时候，抬举他们，用大能的手领他们出来。
The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.

13:18    又在旷野容忍他们约有四十年。（容忍或作抚养）
And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness.

13:19    既灭了迦南地七族的人，就把那地分给他们为业。
And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot.

13:20    此后，给他们设立士师，约有四百五十年，直到先知撒母耳的时候。
And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet.

13:21    后来他们求一个王，神就将便雅悯支派中，基士的儿子扫罗，给他们作王四十年。
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years.

13:22    既废了扫罗，就选立大卫作他们的王。又为他作见证说，我寻得耶西的儿子大卫，他是合我心意的人，凡事要遵行我的旨意。
And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.

13:23    从这人的后裔中，神已经照着所应许的，为以色列人立了一位救主，就是耶稣。
Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:

13:24    在他没有出来以先，约翰向以色列众民宣讲悔改的洗礼。
When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.

13:25    约翰将行尽他的程途说，你们以为我是谁，我不是基督。只是有一位在我以后来的，我解他脚上的鞋带，也是不配的。
And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose.

13:26    弟兄们，亚伯拉罕的子孙，和你们中间敬畏神的人哪，这救世的道，是传给我们的。
Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you feareth God, to you is the word of this salvation sent.

13:27    耶路撒冷居住的人，和他们的官长，因为不认识基督，也不明白每日安息日所读众先知的书，就把基督定了死罪，正应了先知的预言。
For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him.

13:28    虽然查不出他有当死的罪来，还是求彼拉多杀他。
And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain.

13:29    既成就了经上指着他所记的一切话，就把他从木头上取下来，放在坟墓里。
And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a sepulchre.

13:30    神却叫他从死里复活。
But God raised him from the dead:

13:31    那从加利利同上耶路撒冷的人多日看见他，这些人如今在民间是他的见证。
And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people.

13:32    我们也报好信息给你们，就是那应许祖宗的话，
And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers,

13:33    神已经向我们这作儿女的应验，叫耶稣复活了。正如诗篇第二篇上记着说，你是我的儿子，我今日生你。
God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.

13:34    论到神叫他从死里复活，不再归于朽坏，就这样说，我必将所应许大卫那圣洁可靠的恩典，赐给你们。
And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David.

13:35    又有一篇上说，你必不叫你的圣者见朽坏。
Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.

13:36    大卫在世的时候，遵行了神的旨意，就睡了，（或作大卫按神的旨意服事了他那一世的人就睡了）。归到他祖宗那里，已经见朽坏。
For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corruption:

13:37    惟独神所复活的，他并未见朽坏。
But he, whom God raised again, saw no corruption.

13:38    所以弟兄们，你们当晓得，赦罪的道是由这人传给你们的。
Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:

13:39    你们靠摩西的律法，在一切不得称义的事上，信靠这人，就都称义了。
And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses.

13:40    所以你们务要小心，免得先知书上所说的临到你们。
Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets;

13:41    主说，你们这轻慢的人要观看，要惊奇，要灭亡。因为在你们的时候，我行一件事，虽有人告诉你们，你们总是不信。
Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you.

13:42    他们出会堂的时候，众人请他们到下安息日，再讲这话给他们听。
And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.

13:43    散会以后，犹太人和敬虔进犹太教的人，多有跟从保罗，巴拿巴的，二人对他们讲道，劝他们务要恒久在神的恩中。
Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.

13:44    到下安息日，合城的人，几乎都来聚集，要听神的道。
And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God.

13:45    但犹太人看见人这样多，就满心嫉妒，硬驳保罗所说的话，并毁谤。
But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy, and spake against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming.

13:46    保罗和巴拿巴放胆说，神的道先讲给你们，原是应当的，只因你们弃绝这道，断定自己不配得永生，我们就转向外邦人去。
Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you: but seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles.

13:47    因为主曾这样吩咐我们说，我已经立你作外邦人的光，叫你施行救恩直到地极。
For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth.

13:48    外邦人听见这话，就欢喜了，赞美神的道，凡豫定得永生的人都信了。
And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.

13:49    于是主的道，传遍了那一带地方。
And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region.

13:50    但犹太人挑唆虔敬尊贵的妇女，和城内有名望的人，逼迫保罗，巴拿巴，将他们赶出境外。
But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts.

13:51    二人对着众人跺下脚上的尘土，就往以哥念去了。
But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium.

13:52    门徒满心喜乐，又被圣灵充满。
And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


14:1    二人在以哥念同进犹太人的会堂，在那里讲的叫犹太人，和希腊人，信的人很多。
And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed.

14:2    但那不顺从的犹太人耸动外邦人，叫他们心里恼恨弟兄。
But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brethren.

14:3    二人在那里住了多日，倚靠主放胆讲道。主藉他们的手，施行神迹奇事，证明他的恩道。
Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands.

14:4    城里的众人就分了党。有附从犹太人的，有附从使徒的。
But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles.

14:5    那时，外邦人和犹太人，并他们的官长，一齐拥上来，要凌辱使徒，用石头打他们。
And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them despitefully, and to stone them,

14:6    使徒知道了，就逃往吕高尼的路司得，特庇，两个城，和周围地方去。
They were ware of it, and fled unto Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and unto the region that lieth round about:

14:7    在那里传福音。
And there they preached the gospel.

14:8    路司得城里，坐着一个两脚无力的人，生来是瘸腿的，从来没有走过。
And there sat a certain man at Lystra, impotent in his feet, being a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked:

14:9    他听保罗讲道。保罗定睛看他，见他有信心，可得痊愈，
The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed,

14:10    就大声说，你起来，两脚站直。那人就跳起来而且行走。
Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on thy feet. And he leaped and walked.

14:11    众人看见保罗所作的事，就用吕高尼的话，大声说，有神藉着人形，降临在我们中间了。
And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men.

14:12    于是称巴拿巴为宙斯，称保罗为希耳米，因为他说话领首。
And they called Barnabas, Jupiter; and Paul, Mercurius, because he was the chief speaker.

14:13    有城外宙斯庙的祭司，牵着牛，拿着花圈，来到门前，要同众人（向使徒献祭。
Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people.



14:14    巴拿巴，保罗，二使徒听见，就撕开衣裳，跳进众人中间，喊着说，
Which when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of, they rent their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out,

14:15    诸君，为什么作这事呢。我们也是人，性情和你们一样。我们传福音给你们，是叫你们离弃这些虚妄，归向那创造天，地，海，和其中万物的永生神。
And saying, Sirs, why do ye these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:

14:16    他在从前的世代，任凭万国各行其道。
Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways.

14:17    然而为自己未尝不显出证据来，就如常施恩惠，从天降雨，赏赐丰年，叫你们饮食饱足，满心喜乐。
Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.

14:18    二人说了这些话，仅仅的拦住众人不献祭与他们。
And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them.

14:19    但有些犹太人，从安提阿和以哥念来，挑唆众人，就用石头打保罗，以为他是死了，便拖到城外。
And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and, having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead.

14:20    门徒正围着他，他就起来，走进城去。第二天，同巴拿巴往特庇去，
Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe.

14:21    对那城里的人传了福音，使好些人作门徒。就回路司得，以哥念，安提阿去，
And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch,

14:22    坚固门徒的心，劝他们恒守所信的道。又说，我们进入神的国，必须经历许多艰难。
Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.

14:23    二人在各教会中选立了长老，又禁食祷告，就把他们交托所信的主。
And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed.

14:24    二人经过彼西底，来到旁非利亚。
And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia.

14:25    在别加讲了道，就下亚大利去。
And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:

14:26    从那里坐船，往安提阿去。当初他们被众人所托蒙神之恩，要辨现在所作之工，就是在这地方。
And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.

14:27    到了那里，聚集了会众，就述说神藉他们所行的一切事，并神怎样为外邦人开了信道的门。
And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles.

14:28    二人就在那里同门徒住了多日。
And there they abode long time with the disciples.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


15:1    有几个人，从犹太下来，教训弟兄们说，你们若不摩西的规条受割礼，不能得救。
And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved.

15:2    保罗巴拿巴与他们大大的分争辩论，众门徒就定规，叫保罗，巴拿巴和本会中几个人，为所辩论的，上耶路撒冷去，见使徒和长老。
When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question.

15:3    于是教会送他们起行，他们经过腓尼基，撒玛利亚，随处传说外邦人归主的事，叫众弟兄都甚欢喜。
And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy unto all the brethren.

15:4    到了耶路撒冷，教会和使徒并长老，都接待他们，他们就述说神同他们所行的一切事。
And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them.

15:5    惟有几个信徒是法利赛教门的人，起来说，必须给外邦人行割礼，吩咐他们遵守摩西的律法。
But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees which believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses.

15:6    使徒和长老，聚会商议这事。
And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter.

15:7    辩论已经多了，彼得就起来，说，诸位弟兄，你们知道神早已在你们中间拣选了我，叫外邦人从我口中得听福音之道，而且相信。
And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe.

15:8    知道人心的神，也为他们作了见证。赐圣灵给他们，正如给我们一样。
And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us;

15:9    又藉着信，洁净了他们的心，并不分他们我们。
And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith.

15:10    现在为什么试探神，要把我们祖宗和我们所不能负的轭，放在门徒的颈项上呢。
Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?

15:11    我们得救，乃是因主耶稣的恩，和他们一样，这是我们所信的。
But we believe that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.

15:12    众人都默默无声，听巴拿巴和保罗，述说神藉他们在外邦人所行的神迹奇事。
Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them.

15:13    他们住了声，雅各就说，诸位弟兄，请听我的话。
And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me:

15:14    方才西门述说神当初怎样眷顾外邦人，从他们中间选取百姓归于自己的名下
Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name.

15:15    众先知的话，也与这意思相合。
And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written,

15:16    正如经上所写的，此后我要回来，重新修造大卫倒塌的帐幕，把那破坏的，重新修造建立起来。
After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up:

15:17    叫馀剩的人，就是凡称为我名下的外邦人，都寻求主。
That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth all these things.

15:18    这话是从创世以来，显明这事的主说的。
Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world.

15:19    所以据我的意见，不可难为那归服神的外邦人。
Wherefore my sentence is, that we trouble not them, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God:

15:20    只要写信，吩咐他们禁戒偶像的污秽和奸淫，并勒死的牲畜，和血。
But that we write unto them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.

15:21    因为从古以来，摩西的书在各城有人传讲，每逢安息日，在会堂里诵读。
For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day.

15:22    那时，使徒和长老并全教会，定意从他们中间拣选人，差他们和保罗，巴拿巴，同往安提阿去。所拣选的，就是称呼巴撒巴的犹大，和西拉，这两个人在弟兄中是作首领的。
Then pleased it the apostles and elders, with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas, and Silas, chief men among the brethren:

15:23    于是写信交付他们，内中说，使徒和作长老的弟兄们，问安提阿，叙利亚，基利家外邦众弟兄的安。
And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia:

15:24    我们听说有几个人，从我们这里出去，用言语搅扰你们，惑乱你们的心。（有古卷在此有你们必须受割礼守摩西的律法）。其实我们并没有吩咐他们。
Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:

15:25    所以我们同心定意，拣选几个人，差他们同我们所亲爱的巴拿巴，和保罗，住你们那里去。
It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul,

15:26    这二人是为我主耶稣基督的名，不顾性命的。
Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.

15:27    我们就差了犹大和西拉，他们也要亲口诉说这些事。
We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth.

15:28    因为圣灵和我们，定意不将别的重担放在你们身上。惟有几件事是不可少的，
For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;

15:29    就是禁戒祭偶像的物，和血，并勒死的牲畜，和奸淫。这几件你们若能自己禁戒不犯，就好了。愿你们平安。
That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well.

15:30    他们既奉了差遣，就下安提阿去，聚集众人，交付书信。
So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle:

15:31    众人念了，因为信上安慰的话，就欢喜了。
Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation.

15:32    犹大和西拉也是先知，就用许多话劝勉弟兄，坚固他们。
And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the brethren with many words, and confirmed them.

15:33    住了些日子，弟兄们打发他们平平安安的回到差遣他们的人那里去。（有古卷在此有徒15：34节，惟有西拉定意仍住在那里）
And after they had tarried there a space, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles.

15:34    *
Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still.

15:35    但保罗和巴拿巴，仍住在安提阿，和许多别人一同教训人，传主的道。
Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.

15:36    过了些日子，保罗对巴拿巴说，我们可以回到从前宣传主道的各城，看望弟兄们景况如何。
And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do.

15:37    巴拿巴有意，要带称呼马可的约翰同去。
And Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark.

15:38    但保罗，因为马可从前在旁非利亚离开他们，不和他们同去作工，就以为不可带他去。
But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work.

15:39    于是二人起了争论，甚至彼此分开。巴拿巴带着马可，坐船往塞浦路斯去。
And the contention was so sharp between them, that they departed asunder one from the other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus;

15:40    保罗拣选了西拉，也出去，蒙弟兄们把他交于主的恩中。
And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God.

15:41    他就走遍叙利亚，基利家，坚固众教会。
And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


16:1    保罗来到特庇，又到路司得。在那里有一个门徒，名叫提摩太，是信主之犹太妇人的儿子，他父亲却是希腊人。
Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:

16:2    路司得和以哥念的弟兄，都称赞他。
Which was well reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium.

16:3    保罗要带他同去，只因那些地方的犹太人，都知道他父亲是希腊人，就给他行了割礼。
Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek.

16:4    他们经过各城，把耶路撒冷使徒和长老所定的条规，交给门徒遵守。
And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem.

16:5    于是众教会信心越发坚固，人数天天加增。
And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily.

16:6    圣灵既然禁止他们在亚细亚讲道，他们就经过弗吕家，加拉太一带地方。
Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,

16:7    到了每西亚的边界，他们想要往庇推尼去，耶稣的灵却不许。
After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not.

16:8    他们就越过每西亚，下到特罗亚去。
And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas.

16:9    在夜间有异象现与保罗。有一个马其顿人，站着求他说，请你过到马其顿来帮助我们。
And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us.



16:10    保罗既看见这异象，我们随既想要往马其顿去，以为神召我们传福音给那里的人听。
And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them.

16:11    于是从特罗亚开船，一直行到撒摩特喇，第二天到了尼亚波利。
Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Neapolis;

16:12    从那里来到腓立比，就是马其顿这一方的头一个城。也是罗马的驻防城。我们在这城里住了几天。
And from thence to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days.

16:13    当安息日，我们出城门，到了河边，知道那里有一个祷告的地方，我们就坐下对那聚会的妇女讲道。
And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made; and we sat down, and spake unto the women which resorted thither.

16:14    有一个卖紫色布疋的妇人，名叫吕底亚，是推雅推喇城的人，素来敬拜神。他听见了，主就开导他的心，叫他留心听保罗所讲的话。
And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul.

16:15    他和他一家，既领了洗，便求我们说，你们若以为我是真信主的，（或作你们若以为我是忠心事奉主的）请到我家里来住。于是强留我们。
And when she was baptized, and her household, she besought us, saying, If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us.

16:16    后来，我们往那祷告的地方去。有一个使女迎着面来，他被巫鬼所附，用法术，叫他主人得大财利。
And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:

16:17    他跟随保罗和我们，喊着说，这些人是至高神的仆人，对你们传说救人的道。
The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation.

16:18    他一连多日这样喊叫，保罗就心中厌烦，转身对那鬼说，我奉耶稣基督的名，吩咐你从他身上出来。那鬼当时就出来了。
And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour.

16:19    使女的主人们，见得利的指望没有了，便揪住保罗和西拉，拉他们到市上去见首领。
And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers,

16:20    又带到官长面前说，这些人原是犹太人，竟骚扰我们的城，
And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,

16:21    传我们罗马人所不可受，不可行的规矩。
And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans.

16:22    众人就一同起来攻击他们。官长吩咐剥了他们的衣裳，用棍打。
And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off their clothes, and commanded to beat them.

16:23    打了许多棍，便将他们下在监里，嘱咐禁卒严紧看守。
And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:

16:24    禁卒领了这样的命，就把他们下在监里，两脚上了木狗。
Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.

16:25    约在半夜，保罗和西拉，祷告唱诗赞美神，众囚犯也侧耳而听。
And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.

16:26    忽然地大震动，甚至监牢的地基都摇动了。监门立刻全开，众囚犯的锁链也都松开了。
And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.

16:27    禁卒一醒，看见监门全开，以为囚犯已经逃走，就拔刀要自杀。
And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.

16:28    保罗大声呼叫说，不要伤害自己，我们都在这里。
But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.

16:29    禁卒叫人拿灯来，就跳进去，战战竞竞的，俯伏在保罗西拉面前。
Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,

16:30    又领他们出来说，二位先生，我当怎样行才能得救。
And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?

16:31    他们说，当信主耶稣，你和你一家都必得救。
And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.

16:32    他们就把主的道，讲给他和他全家的人听。
And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house.

16:33    当夜就在那时候，禁卒把他们带去，洗他们的伤。他和属乎他的人，立时都受了洗。
And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.

16:34    于是禁卒领他们上自己家里去，给他们摆上饭，他和全家，因为信了神，都很喜乐。
And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.

16:35    到了天亮，官长打发差役来说，释放那两个人吧。
And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go.

16:36    禁卒就把这话告诉保罗说，官长打发人来叫释放你们。如今可以出监，平平安安的去吧。
And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace.

16:37    保罗却说，我们是罗马人，并没有定罪，他们就在众人面前打了我们，又把我们下在监里。现在要私下撵我们出去吗，这是不行的。叫他们自己来领我们出去吧。
But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out.

16:38    差役把这话回禀官长。官长听见他们是罗马人，就害怕了。
And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans.

16:39    于是来劝他们，领他们出来，请他们离开那城。
And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city.

16:40    二人出了监，往吕底亚家里去。见了弟兄们，劝慰他们一番，就走了。
And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 17 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


17:1    保罗和西拉，经过暗妃波里，亚波罗尼亚，来到帖撒罗尼迦，在那里有犹太人的会堂。
Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:

17:2    保罗照他素常的规矩进去，一连三个安息日，本着圣经与他们辩论，
And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,

17:3    讲解陈明基督必须受害，从死里复活。又说，我所传与你们的这位耶稣，就是基督。
Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach unto you, is Christ.

17:4    他们中间有些人听了劝，就附从保罗和西拉。并有许多虔敬的希腊人，尊贵的妇女也不少。
And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few.

17:5    但那不信的犹太人心里嫉妒，招聚了些市井匪类，搭夥成群，耸动合城的人，闯进耶孙的家，要将保罗西拉带到百姓那里。
But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people.

17:6    找不着他们，就把耶孙和几个弟兄，拉到地方官那里，喊叫说，那搅乱天下的，也到这里来了。
And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;

17:7    耶孙收留他们。这些人都违背凯撒的命令，说另有一个王耶稣。
Whom Jason hath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus.

17:8    众人和地方官，听见这话，就惊慌了。
And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things.

17:9    于是取了耶孙和其馀之人的保状，就释放了他们。
And when they had taken security of Jason, and of the other, they let them go.

17:10    弟兄们，随既在夜间打发保罗和西拉往庇哩亚去。二人到了，就进入犹太人的会堂。
And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.

17:11    这地方的人，贤于帖撒罗尼迦的人，甘心领受这道，天天考查圣经，要晓得这道，是与不是。
These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.

17:12    所以他们中间多有相信的。又有希腊尊贵的妇女，男子也不少。
Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few.

17:13    但帖撒罗尼迦的犹太人，知道保罗又在庇哩亚传神的道，也就往那里去，耸动搅扰众人。
But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people.

17:14    当时弟兄们便打发保罗往海边去。西拉和提摩太仍住在庇哩亚。
And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still.

17:15    送保罗的人带他到了雅典。既领了保罗的命令，叫西拉和提摩太速速到他这里来，就回去了。
And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed.

17:16    保罗在雅典等候他们的时后，看见满城都是偶像，就心里着急。
Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.

17:17    于是在会堂里，与犹太人，和虔敬的人，并每日在市上所遇见的人辩论。
Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.

17:18    还有以彼古罗和斯多亚两门的学士，与他争论。有的说，这胡言乱语的要说什么。有的说，他似乎是传说外邦鬼神的。这话是保罗传讲耶稣，与复活的道。
Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection.

17:19    他们就把他带到亚略巴古说，你所讲的这新道，我们也可以知道吗。
And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?

17:20    因为你有些奇怪的事，传到我们耳中。我们愿意知道这些事是什么意思。
For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean.

17:21    雅典人，和住在那里的客人，都不顾别的事，只将新闻说说听听
(For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)

17:22    保罗站在亚略巴古当中，说，众位雅典人哪，我看你们凡事很敬畏鬼神。
Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.

17:23    我游行的时候，观看你们所敬拜的，遇见一座坛，上面写着未识之神。你们所不认识而敬拜的，我现在告诉你们。
For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.

17:24    创造宇宙和其中万物的神，既是天地的主，就不住人手所造的殿。
God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;

17:25    也不用人手服事，好像缺少什么，自己倒将生命气息，万物，赐给万人。
Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;

17:26    他从一本造出万族的人，（本有古卷作血脉），住在全地上，并且豫先定准他们的年限，和所住的疆界。
And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;

17:27    要叫他们寻求神，或者可以揣摩而得，其实他离我们各人不远。
That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:

17:28    我们生活，动作，存留，都在乎他，就如你们作诗的，有人说，我们也是他所生的。
For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.

17:29    我们既是神所生的，就不当以为神的神性像人用手艺，心思，所雕刻的金，银，石。
Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.

17:30    世人蒙昧无知的时后，神并不监察，如今却吩咐各处的人都要悔改。
And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:

17:31    因为他已经定了日子，要藉着他所设立的人，按公义审判天下。并且叫他从死里复活，给万人作可信的凭据。
Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead.

17:32    众人听见从死里复活的话，就有讥诮他的，又有人说，我们再听你讲这个吧。
And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter.

17:33    于是保罗从他们中出去了。
So Paul departed from among them.

17:34    但有几个人贴近他，信了主，其中有亚略巴古的官丢尼修，并一个妇人，名叫大马哩，还有别人一同信从。
Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 18 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


18:1    这事以后，保罗离了雅典，来到哥林多。
After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;

18:2    遇见一个犹太人，名叫亚居拉，他生在本都。因为革老丢犹太人都离开罗马，新近带着妻百基拉，从意大利来。保罗就投奔了他们。
And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them.

18:3    他们本是制造帐棚为业。保罗因与他们同业，就和他们同住作工。
And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought: for by their occupation they were tentmakers.

18:4    每逢安息日，保罗在会堂里辩论，劝化犹太人和希腊人。
And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks.

18:5    西拉和提摩太从马其顿来的时候，保罗为道迫切，向犹太人证明耶稣是基督。
And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ.

18:6    他们既抗拒，毁谤，保罗就抖着衣裳说，你们的罪归到你们自己头上，（罪原文作血）与我无干，（原文作我却乾净）从今以后，我要往外邦人那里去，
And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean: from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles.

18:7    于是离开那里，到了一个人的家中，这人名叫提多犹士都，是敬拜神的，他的家靠近会堂。
And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.

18:8    管会堂的基利司布和全家都信了主。还有许多哥林多人听了，就相信受洗。
And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.

18:9    夜间主在异象中对保罗说，不要怕，只管讲，不要闭口。
Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:

18:10    有我与你同在，必没有人下手害你。因为在这城里我有许多的百姓。
For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city.

18:11    保罗在那里住了一年零六个月，将神的道教训他们。
And he continued there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.

18:12    到迦流作亚该亚方伯的时候，犹太人同心起来攻击保罗，拉他到公堂，
And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat,

18:13    说，这个人劝人不按着律法敬拜神。
Saying, This fellow persuadeth men to worship God contrary to the law.

18:14    保罗刚要开口，迦流就对犹太人说，你们这些犹太人，如果是为冤枉，或奸恶的事，我理当耐性听你们。
And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:

18:15    但所争论的，若是关乎言语，名目，和你们的律法，你们自己去辨吧。这样的事我不愿意审问。
But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters.

18:16    就把他们撵出公堂。
And he drave them from the judgment seat.

18:17    众人便揪住管会堂的所提尼，在堂前打他。这些事迦流都不管。
Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things.

18:18    保罗又住了多日，就辞别了弟兄，坐船往叙利亚去，百基拉，亚居拉和他同去。他因为许过愿，就在坚革哩剪了头发。
And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.

18:19    到了以弗所，保罗就把他们留在那里，自己进了会堂，和犹太人辩论。
And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.

18:20    众人请他多住些日子，他却不允。
When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;

18:21    就辞别他们说，神若许我，我还要回到你们这里。于是开船离了以弗所。
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus.

18:22    在凯撒利亚下了船，就上耶路撒冷去问教会安，随后下安提阿去。
And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.

18:23    住了些日子，又离开那里，挨次经过加拉太和弗吕家地方，坚固众门徒。
And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.

18:24    有一个犹太人，名叫亚波罗，来到以弗所。他生在亚力山太，是有学问的，最能讲解圣经。（学问或作口才）。
And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.

18:25    这人已经在主的道上受了教训，心里火热，将耶稣的事，详细讲论教训人。只是他单晓得约翰的洗礼。
This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.

18:26    他在会堂放胆讲道，百基拉，亚居拉听见，就接他来，将神的道给他讲解更加详细。
And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.

18:27    他想要往亚该亚去。弟兄们就勉励他，并写信请门徒接待他。（或作弟兄们就写信劝门徒接待他）他到了那里，多帮助那蒙恩信主的人。
And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:

18:28    在众人面前极有能力，驳倒犹太人，引圣经证明耶稣是基督。
For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 19 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


19:1    亚波罗在哥林多的时候，保罗经过了上边一带地方，就来到以弗所。在那里遇见几个门徒。
And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,

19:2    问他们说，你们信的时候，受了圣灵没有。他们回答说，没有，也未曾听见有圣灵赐下来
He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

19:3    保罗说，这样，你们受的是什么洗呢。他们说，是约翰的洗。
And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.

19:4    保罗说，约翰所行的是悔改的洗，告诉百姓，当信那在他以后要来的，就是耶稣。
Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.

19:5    他们听见这话，就奉主的名受洗。
When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

19:6    保罗按手在他们头上，圣灵便降在他们身上。他们就说方言，又说预言。（或作又讲道）。
And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.

19:7    一共约有十二个人。
And all the men were about twelve.

19:8    保罗进会堂，放胆讲道，一连三个月，辩论神国的事，劝化众人。
And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God.

19:9    后来有些人，心里刚硬不信，在众人面前毁谤这道，保罗就离开他们，也叫门徒与他们分离，便在推喇奴的学房，天天辩论。
But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus.

19:10    这样有两年之久，叫一切住在亚细亚的，无论是游太人，是希腊人，都听见主的道。
And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks.

19:11    神藉保罗的手，行了些非常的奇事。
And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:

19:12    甚至有人从保罗身上拿手巾，或围裙，放在病人身上，病就退了，恶鬼也出去了。
So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

19:13    那时，有几个游行各处，念咒赶鬼的犹太人，向那被恶鬼附的人，擅自称主耶稣的名，说，我奉保罗所传的耶稣，敕令你们出来。
Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.

19:14    作这事的，有犹太祭司长士基瓦的七个儿子。
And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so.

19:15    恶鬼回答他们说，耶稣我认识，保罗我也知道。你们却是谁呢。
And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?

19:16    恶鬼所附的人，就跳在他们身上，胜了其中二人，制伏他们，叫他们赤着身子受了伤，从那房子里逃出去了。
And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.

19:17    凡住在以弗所的，无论是犹太人，是希腊人，都知道这事，也都惧怕，主耶稣的名从此就尊大了。
And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified.

19:18    那已经信的，多有人来承认诉说自己所行的事。
And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds.

19:19    平素行邪术的，也有许多人把书拿来，堆积在众人面前焚烧。他们算计书价，便知道共合五万块钱。
Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.



19:20    主的道大大兴旺而且得胜，就是这样。
So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.

19:21    这些事完了，保罗心里定意，经过了马其顿，亚该亚就往耶路撒冷去，又说，我到了那里以后，也必须往罗马去看看。
After these things were ended, Paul purposed in the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem, saying, After I have been there, I must also see Rome.

19:22    于是从帮助他的人中，打发提摩太，以拉都二人，往马其顿去。自己暂时等在亚细亚。
So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season.

19:23    那时，因为这道起的扰乱不小。
And the same time there arose no small stir about that way.

19:24    有一个银匠，名叫底米丢，是制造亚底米神银龛的，他使这样手艺人生意发达。
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;

19:25    他聚集他们和同行的工人，说，众位，你们知道我们是倚靠这生意发财。
Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth.

19:26    这保罗不但在以弗所，也几乎在亚细亚全地，引诱迷惑许多人，说，人手所作的不是神，这是你们所看见所听见的。
Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:

19:27    这样，不独我们这事业，被人藐视，就是大女神亚底米的庙，也要被人轻忽，连亚细亚全地，和普天下，所敬拜的大女神之威荣，也要销灭了。
So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth.



19:28    众人听见，就怒气填胸，喊着说，大哉以弗所人的亚底米阿。
And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.

19:29    满城都轰动起来。众人拿住保罗同行的马其顿人，该犹，和亚里达古，齐心拥进戏园里去。
And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre.

19:30    保罗想要进去，到百姓那里，门徒却不许他去。
And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not.

19:31    还有亚细亚几位首领，是保罗的朋友，打发人来劝他，不要冒险到戏园里去。
And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre.

19:32    聚集的人，纷纷乱乱，有喊叫这个的，有喊叫那个的，大半不知道为什么聚集。
Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused; and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together.

19:33    有人把亚历山大从众人中带出来，犹太人推他往前，亚历山大就摆手，要向百姓分诉。
And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people.

19:34    只因他们认出他是犹太人，就大家同声喊着说，大哉以弗所人的亚底米阿。如此约有两小时
But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.

19:35    那城里的书记，安抚了众人，就说，以弗所人哪，谁不知道以弗所人的城，是看守大亚底米的庙，和从宙斯那里落下来的像呢。
And when the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jupiter?

19:36    这事既是驳不倒的，你们就当安静，不可造次。
Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly.

19:37    你们把这些人带来，他们并没有偷窃庙中之物，也没有谤？？我们的女神。
For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess.

19:38    若是底米丢和他同行的人，有控告人的事，自有放告的日子。（或作自有公堂）也有方伯，可以彼此对告。
Wherefore if Demetrius, and the craftsmen which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another.

19:39    你们若问别的事，就可以照常例聚集断定。
But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly.



19:40    今日的搅扰，本是无缘无故，我们难免被查问。论到这样聚众，我们也说不出所以然来。
For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse.

19:41    说了这话，便叫众人散去。
And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 20 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


20:1    乱定之后，保罗请门徒来，劝勉他们，就辞别起行，往马其顿去。
And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia.

20:2    走遍了那一带地方，用许多话劝勉门徒，（或作众人）然后来到希腊。
And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece,

20:3    在那里住了三个月，将要坐船往叙利亚去。犹太人设计要害他，他就定意从马其顿回去。
And there abode three months. And when the Jews laid wait for him, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Macedonia.

20:4    同他到亚细亚去的，有庇哩亚人毕罗斯的儿子所巴特，帖撒罗尼迦人亚里达古，和西公都，还有特庇人该犹，并提摩太，又有亚细亚人推基古，和特罗非摩。
And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.

20:5    这些人先走在特罗亚等候我们。
These going before tarried for us at Troas.

20:6    过了除酵的日子，我们从腓立比开船，五天到了特罗亚，和他们相会，在那里住了七天。
And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days.

20:7    七日的第一日，我们聚会擘饼的时候，保罗因为要次日起行，就与他们讲论，直到半夜。
And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.

20:8    我们聚会的那座楼上，有些灯烛。
And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together.

20:9    有一个少年人，名叫犹推古，坐在窗台上，困倦沉睡。保罗讲了多时，少年人睡熟了，就从三层楼上掉下去。扶起他来，已经死了。
And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead.

20:10    保罗下去，伏在他身上，抱着他，说，你们不要发慌，他的灵魂还在身上。
And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Trouble not yourselves; for his life is in him.

20:11    保罗又上去，擘饼，吃了，谈论许久，直到天亮，这才走了。
When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.

20:12    有人把那童子活活的领来，得的安慰不小。
And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted.

20:13    我们先上船开往亚朔去，意思要在那里接保罗。因为他是这样安排的，他自己打算要步行。
And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot.

20:14    他既在亚朔与我们相会，我们就接他上船，来到米推利尼。
And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.

20:15    从那里开船，次日到了基阿的对面。又次日，在撒摩靠岸。又次日，来到米利都。
And we sailed thence, and came the next day over against Chios; and the next day we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next day we came to Miletus.

20:16    乃因保罗早已定意越过以弗所，免得在亚细亚耽延。他急忙前走，巴不得赶五旬节能到耶路撒冷。
For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost.

20:17    保罗从米利都打发人往以弗所去，请教会的长老来。
And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.

20:18    他们来了，保罗就说，你们知道，自从我到亚细亚的日子以来，在你们中间始终为人如何，
And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,

20:19    服事主，凡事谦卑，眼中流泪，又因犹太人的谋害，经历试炼。
Serving the LORD with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:

20:20    你们也知道，凡与你们有益的，我没有一样避讳不说的。或在众人面前，或在各人家里，我都教导你们。
And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,

20:21    又对犹太人，和希腊人，证明当向神悔改，信靠我主耶稣基督。
Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.

20:22    现在我往耶路撒冷去，心甚迫切，（原文作心被捆绑）不知道在那里要遇见什么事。
And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:

20:23    但知道圣灵在各城里向我指证，说，有捆锁与患难等待我。
Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.

20:24    我却不以性命为念，也不看为宝贵，只要行完我的路程，成就我从主耶稣所领受的职事，证明神恩惠的福音。
But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.

20:25    我素常在你们中间来往，传讲神国的道，如今我晓得你们以后都不得再见我的面了。
And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more.

20:26    所以我今日向你们证明，你们中间无论何人死亡，罪不在我身上。（原文作我于众人的血是洁净的）。
Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men.

20:27    因为神的旨意，我并没有一样避讳不传给你们的。
For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.

20:28    圣灵立你们作全群的监督，你们就当为自己谨慎，也为全群谨慎，牧养神的教会，就是他用自己血所买来的。（或作救赎）
Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.

20:29    我知道我去之后，必有凶暴的豺狼，进入你们中间，不爱惜羊群。
For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.

20:30    就是你们中间，也必有人起来，说悖谬的话，要引诱门徒跟从他们。
Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them.

20:31    所以你们应当儆醒，记念我三年之久，昼夜不住的流泪，劝戒你们各人。
Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.

20:32    如今我把你们交托神，和他恩惠的道。这道能建立你们，叫你们和一切成圣的人同得基业。
And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.

20:33    我未曾贪图一个人的金，银，衣服。
I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel.

20:34    我这两只手，常供给我和同人的需用，这是你们自己知道的。
Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me.

20:35    我凡事给你们作榜样，叫你们知道，应当这样劳苦，扶助软弱的人，又当记念主耶稣的话，说，施比受更为有福。
I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.

20:36    保罗说完了这话，就跪下同众人祷告。
And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all.

20:37    众人痛哭，抱着保罗的颈项，和他亲嘴。
And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him,

20:38    叫他们最伤心的，就是他说，以后不能再见我的面那句话。于是送他上船去了。
Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 21 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


21:1    我们离别了众人，就开船一直行到哥士。第二天到了罗底，从那里到帕大喇。
And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:

21:2    遇见一只船，要往腓尼基去，就上船起行。
And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth.

21:3    望见塞浦路斯，就从南边行过，往叙利亚去，我们就在推罗上岸。因为船要在那里卸货。
Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden.

21:4    找着了门徒，就在那里住了七天。他们被圣灵感动，对保罗说，不要上耶路撒冷去。
And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem.

21:5    过了这几天，我们就起身前行。他们众人同妻子儿女，送我们到城外，我们都跪在岸上祷告，彼此辞别。
And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till we were out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed.

21:6    我们上了船，他们就回家去了。
And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again.

21:7    我们从推罗行尽了水路，来到多利买，就问那里的弟兄安，和他们同住了一天。
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day.

21:8    第二天，我们离开那里，来到凯撒利亚。就进了传福音的腓利家，和他同住。他是那七个执事里的一个。
And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with him.

21:9    他有四个女儿，都是处女，是说预言的。
And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy.

21:10    我们在那里多住了几天，有一个先知，名叫亚迦布，从犹太下来。
And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus.

21:11    到了我们这里，就拿保罗的腰带，捆上自己的手脚，说，圣灵说，犹太人在耶路撒冷，要如此捆绑这腰带的主人，把他交给外邦人手里。
And when he was come unto us, he took Paul's girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus saith the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles.

21:12    我们和那本地的人，听见这话，都苦劝保罗不要上耶路撒冷去。
And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem.

21:13    保罗说，你们为什么这样痛哭，使我心碎呢。我为主耶稣的名，不但被人捆绑，就是死在耶路撒冷，也是愿意的。
Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus.

21:14    保罗既不听劝，我们便住口了，只说，愿主的旨意成就便是了。
And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done.

21:15    过了几日，我们收拾行李上耶路撒冷去。
And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem.

21:16    有凯撒利亚的几个门徒和我们同去，带我们到一个久为（久为或作老）门徒的家里，叫我们与他同住，他名叫拿孙，是塞浦路斯人。
There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.

21:17    到了耶路撒冷，弟兄们欢欢喜喜的接待我们。
And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly.

21:18    第二天，保罗同我们去见雅各。长老们也都在那里。
And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present.

21:19    保罗问了他们安，便将神用他传教，在外邦人中间所行之事，一一的述说了。
And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry.

21:20    他们听见，就归荣耀与神，对保罗说，兄台，你看犹太人中信主的有多少万，并且都为律法热心。
And when they heard it, they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; and they are all zealous of the law:

21:21    他们听见人说，你教训一切在外邦的犹太人，离弃摩西，对他们说，不要给孩子行割礼，也不要遵行条规。
And they are informed of thee, that thou teachest all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise their children, neither to walk after the customs.

21:22    众人必听见你来了，这可怎吗办呢。
What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come.

21:23    你就照着我们的话行吧，我们这里有四个人，都有愿在身。
Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;

21:24    你带他们去，与他们一同行洁净的礼，替他们拿出规费，叫他们得以剃头。这样，众人就可知道，先前所听见你的事都是虚的。并可知道，你自己为人，循规蹈矩，遵行律法。
Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.

21:25    至于信主的外邦人，我们已经写信拟定，叫他们谨忌那祭偶像之物，和血，并勒死的牲畜，与奸淫。
As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from things offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication.

21:26    于是保罗带着那四个人，第二天与他们一同行了洁净的礼，进了殿，报明洁净的日期满足。只等祭司为他们各人献祭。
Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them.

21:27    那七日将完，从亚细亚来的犹太人，看见保罗在殿里，就耸动了众人，下手拿他，
And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him,

21:28    喊叫说，以色列人来帮助，这就是在各处教训众人糟践我们百姓，和律法，并这地方的。他又带着希腊人进殿，污秽了这圣地。
Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place.

21:29    这话是因他们曾看见以弗所人特罗非摩，同保罗在城里，以为保罗带他进了殿。
(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)

21:30    合城都震动，百姓一齐跑来，拿住保罗，拉他出殿，殿门立刻都关了。
And all the city was moved, and the people ran together: and they took Paul, and drew him out of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut.

21:31    他们正想要杀他，有人报信给营里的千夫长说，耶路撒冷合城都乱了。
And as they went about to kill him, tidings came unto the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.

21:32    千夫长立时带着兵丁，和几个百夫长，跑下去到他们那里。他们见了千夫长和兵丁，就止住不打保罗。
Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul.

21:33    于是千夫长上前拿住他，吩咐用两条铁链捆锁。又问他是什么人，作的是什么事。
Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done.

21:34    众人有喊叫这个的，有喊叫那个的。千夫长因为这样乱囔，得不着实情，就吩咐人把保罗带进营楼去。
And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle.

21:35    到了台阶，众人挤得兄猛，兵丁只得将保罗抬起来。
And when he came upon the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people.

21:36    众人跟在后面，喊着说，除掉他。
For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him.

21:37    将要带他进营楼，保罗对千夫长说，我对你说句话，可以不可以。他说，你懂得希腊话吗。
And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek?

21:38    你莫非是从前作乱，带领四千凶徒，往旷野去的那埃及人吗。
Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?

21:39    保罗说，我本是犹太人，生在基利家的大数，并不是无名小城的人，求你准我对百姓说话。
But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people.

21:40    千夫长准了，保罗就站在台阶上，向百姓摆手，他们都静默无声，保罗使用希伯来话对他们说。
And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying,



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 22 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


22:1    诸位父兄请听，我现在对你们分诉。
Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you.

22:2    众人听他说的是希伯来话，就更加安静了。
(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)

22:3    保罗说，我原是犹太人，生在基利家的大数，长在这城里，在迦玛列门下，按着我们祖宗严紧的律法受教，热心事奉神，像你们众人今日一样。
I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day.

22:4    我也曾逼迫奉这道的人，直到死地，无论男女都锁拿下。
And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.

22:5    这是大祭司和众长老都可以给我作见证的。我又领了他们达与兄弟的书信，往大马士革去，要把在那里奉这道的人锁拿，带到耶路撒冷受刑。
As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished.

22:6    我将到大马士革，正走的时后，约在晌午，忽然从天上发大光，四面照着我。
And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me.

22:7    我就仆倒在地，听见有声音对我说，扫罗，扫罗，你为什么逼迫我。
And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?

22:8    我回答说，主阿，你是谁。他说，我就是你所逼迫的拿撒勒人耶稣。
And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.

22:9    与我同行的人，看见了那光，却没有听明那位对我说话的声音。
And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me.

22:10    我说，主阿，我当作什么。主说，起来，进大马士革去，在那里要将所派你作的一切事，告诉你。
And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.

22:11    我因那光的荣耀，不能看见，同行的人，就拉着我手进了大马士革。
And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.

22:12    那里有一个人，名叫亚拿尼亚，按着律法是虔诚人，为一切住在那里的犹太人所称赞。
And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there,

22:13    他来见我，站在旁边，对我说，兄弟扫罗，你可以看见。我当时往上一看，就看见了他。
Came unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive thy sight. And the same hour I looked up upon him.



22:14    他又说，我们祖宗的神，拣选了你，叫你明白他的旨意，又得见那义者，听他口中所出的声音。
And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth.

22:15    因为你要将所看见的，所听见的，对着万人为他作见证。
For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard.

22:16    现在你为什么耽延呢，起来，求告他的名受洗，洗去你的罪。
And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord.

22:17    后来我回到耶路撒冷，在殿里祷告的时候，魂游象外，
And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;

22:18    看见主向我说，你赶紧的离开耶路撒冷，不可迟延，因你为我作的见证，这里的人，必不领受。
And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.

22:19    我就说，主阿，他们知道我从前把你的人，收在监里，又在各会堂里鞭打他们。
And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:

22:20    并且你的见证人司提反，被害流血的时候，我也站在旁边欢喜。又看守害死他之人的衣裳。
And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.

22:21    主向我说，你去吧。我要差你远远的往外邦人那里去。
And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles.

22:22    众人听他说到这句话，就高声说，这样的人，从世上除掉他吧。他是不当活着的。
And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live.

22:23    众人喧囔，摔掉衣裳，把尘土向空中扬起来。
And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,

22:24    千夫长就吩咐将保罗带进营楼去，叫人用鞭子拷问他，要知道他们向他这样喧囔，是为什么缘故。
The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.

22:25    刚用皮条捆上，保罗对旁边站着的百夫长说，人是罗马人，又没有定罪，你们就鞭打他，有这个例吗。
And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?

22:26    百夫长听见这话，就去见千夫长，告诉他说，你要作什么。这人是罗马人。
When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman.

22:27    千夫长就来问保罗说，你告诉我，你是罗马人吗。保罗说，是。
Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea.

22:28    千夫长说，我用许多银子，才入了罗马的民藉。保罗说，我生来就是。
And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born.

22:29    于是那些要拷问保罗的人，就离开他去了。千夫长继知道他是罗马人，又因为捆绑了他，也害怕了。
Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him.



22:30    第二天，千夫长为要知道犹太人控告保罗的实情，便解开他，吩咐祭司长和全公会的人，都聚集，将保罗带下来，叫他站在他们面前。
On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 23 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


23:1    保罗定睛看着公的人，说，弟兄们，我在神面前行事为人，都是凭着良心，直到今日。
And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day.

23:2    大祭司亚拿尼亚，就吩咐旁边站着的人打他的嘴。
And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.

23:3    保罗对他说，你这粉饰的墙。神要打你。你坐堂为的是按律法审问我，你竟违背律法，吩咐人打我吗。
Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?

23:4    站在旁边的人说，你辱骂神的大祭司吗。
And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God's high priest?

23:5    保罗说，弟兄们，我不晓得他是大祭司。经上记着说，不可毁谤你百姓的官长。
Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people.

23:6    保罗看出大众，一半是撒都该人，一半是法利赛人，就在公会中大声说，弟兄们，我是法利赛人，也是法利赛人的子孙。我现在受审问，是为盼望死人复活。
But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.

23:7    说了这话，法利赛人和撒都该人，就争论起来，会众分为两党。
And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.

23:8    因为撒都该人说，没有复活，也没有天使，和鬼魂，法利赛人却说，两样都有。
For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.

23:9    于是大大的喧囔起来。有几个法利赛党的文士站起来，争辩说，我们看不出这人有什么恶处，倘若有鬼魂，或是天使，对他说过话，怎吗样呢。
And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God.

23:10    那时大起争吵，千夫长恐怕保罗被他们扯碎了，就吩咐兵丁下去，把他从众人当中抢出来，带进营楼去。
And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle.

23:11    当夜，主站在保罗旁边说，放心吧，你怎样在耶路撒冷为我作见证，也必怎样在罗马为我作见证。
And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome.

23:12    到了天亮，犹太人同谋起誓，说，若不先杀保罗，就不吃不喝。
And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.

23:13    这样同心起誓的，有四十多人。
And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.

23:14    他们来见祭司长和长老说，我们已经起了一个大誓，若不先杀保罗，就不吃什么。
And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.

23:15    现在你们和公会要知会千夫长，叫他带下保罗到你们这里来，假作要详细察考他的事。我们已经豫备好了，不等他来到跟前就杀他。
Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.

23:16    保罗的外甥，听见他们设下埋伏，就来到营楼里告诉保罗。
And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.

23:17    保罗请一个百夫长来，说，你领这少年人去见千夫长，他有事告诉他。
Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.

23:18    于是把他领去见千夫长说，被囚的保罗请我到他那里，求我领这少年人来见你。他有事告诉你。
So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee.

23:19    千夫长就拉着他的手，走到一旁，私下问他说，你有什么事告诉我呢。
Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that thou hast to tell me?

23:20    他说，犹太人已经约定，要求你明天带下保罗到公会里去，假作要详细查问他的事。
And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly.

23:21    你切不要随从他们，因为他们有四十多人埋伏，已经起誓，说，若不先杀保罗，就不吃不喝。现在豫备好了，只等你应允。
But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee.

23:22    于是千夫长打发少年人走，嘱咐他说，不要告诉人你将这事报告我了。
So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me.

23:23    千夫长便叫了两个百夫长来，说，豫备步兵二百，马兵七十，长枪手二百，今夜亥初往凯撒利亚去。
And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;

23:24    也要豫备牲口叫保罗骑上，护送到巡抚腓力斯那里去。
And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor.

23:25    千夫长又写了文书，
And he wrote a letter after this manner:

23:26    大略说，革老丢吕西亚，请巡抚腓力斯大人安。
Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.

23:27    这人被犹太人拿住，将要杀害，我得知他是罗马人，就带兵丁下去救他出来。
This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.

23:28    因要知道他们告他的缘故，我就带他下到他们的公会去。
And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:

23:29    便查知他被告，是因他们律法的辩论，并没有什么该死该绑的罪名。
Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.

23:30    后来有人把要害他的计谋告诉我，我就立时解他到你那里去，又吩咐告他的人，在你面前告他。（有古卷在此有愿你平安）
And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell.

23:31    于是兵丁照所吩咐他们的，将保罗夜里带到安提帕底。
Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris.

23:32    第二天，让马兵护送，他们就回营楼去。
On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:

23:33    马兵来到凯撒利亚，把文书呈给巡抚，便叫保罗站在他面前。
Who, when they came to Caesarea, and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him.

23:34    巡抚看了文书，问保罗是那省的人，既晓得他是基利家人，
And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;

23:35    就说，等告你的人来到，我要细听你的事，便吩咐人把他看守在希律的衙门里。
I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 24 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


24:1    过了五天，大祭司亚拿尼亚，同几个长老，和一个辩士帖土罗，下来，向巡抚控告保罗。
And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul.

24:2    保罗被提了来，帖土罗就告他说，
And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence,

24:3    腓利斯大人，我们因你得以大享太平，并且这一国的弊病，因着你的先见，得以更正了。我们随时随地，满心感谢不尽。
We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness.

24:4    惟恐多说，你嫌烦絮，只求你宽容听我们说几句话。
Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words.

24:5    我们看这个人，如同瘟疫一般，是鼓动普天下众犹太人生乱的，又是拿撒勒教党里的一个头目。
For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:

24:6    连圣殿他也想要污秽。我们把他捉住了。（有古卷在此有要按我们的律法审问。
Who also hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law.

24:7    不料千夫长吕西亚前来甚是强横从我们手中把他夺去，吩咐告他的人到你这里来）。
But the chief captain Lysias came upon us, and with great violence took him away out of our hands,



24:8    你自己究问他，就可以知道我们告他的一切事了。
Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him.

24:9    众犹太人也随着告他说，事情诚然是这样。
And the Jews also assented, saying that these things were so.

24:10    巡抚点头叫保罗说话，他就说，我知道你在这国里断事多年，所以我乐意为自己分诉。
Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:

24:11    你查问就可以知道，从我上耶路撒冷礼拜，到今日，不过有十二天。
Because that thou mayest understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship.

24:12    他们并没有看见我在殿里，或是在会堂里，或是在城里，和人辩论，耸动众人。
And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:

24:13    他们现在所告我的事，并不能对你证实了。
Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me.

24:14    但有一件事，我向你承认，就是他们所称为异端的道，我正按着那道事奉我祖宗的神，又信合乎律法的，和先知书上一切所记载的。
But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:

24:15    并且靠着神，盼望死人，无论善恶，都要复活，就是他们自己也有这个盼望。
And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.

24:16    我因此自己勉励，对神，对人，常存无亏的良心。
And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void of offence toward God, and toward men.

24:17    过了几年，我带着周济本国的捐项和供献的物上去。
Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings.

24:18    正献的时候，他们看见我在殿里已经洁净了，并没有聚众，也没有吵囔。惟有几个从亚细亚来的犹太人。
Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with multitude, nor with tumult.

24:19    他们若有告我的事，就应当到你面前来告我。
Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me.

24:20    既或不然，这些人，若看出我站在公会前，有妄为的地方，他们自己也可以说明。
Or else let these same here say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council,

24:21    纵然有，也不过一句话，就是我站在他们中间大声说，我今日在你们面前受审，是为死人复活的道理
Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day.

24:22    腓力斯本是详细晓得这道，就支吾他们说，且等千夫长吕西亚下来，我要审断你们的事。
And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter.

24:23    于是吩咐百夫长看守保罗并且宽待他，也不拦阻他的亲友来供给他。
And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him.

24:24    过了几天，腓力斯和他夫人犹太的女子土西拉，一同来到，就叫了保罗来，听他讲论信基督耶稣的道。
And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ.

24:25    保罗讲论公义，节制，和将来的审判，腓力斯甚觉恐惧，说，你暂且去吧，等我得便再叫你来。
And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee.

24:26    腓力斯又指望保罗送他银钱，所以屡次叫他来，和他谈论。
He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.

24:27    过了两年，波求非斯都接了腓力斯的任，腓力斯要讨犹太人的喜欢，就留保罗在监里。
But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix' room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 25 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


25:1    非斯都到了任，过了三天，就从凯撒利亚上耶路撒冷去。
Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem.



25:2    祭司长，和犹太人的首领，向他控告保罗，
Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him,

25:3    又央告他，求他的情，将保罗提到耶路撒冷来。他们要在路上埋伏杀害他。
And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.

25:4    非斯都却回答说，保罗押在凯撒利亚，我自己快要往那里去。
But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither.

25:5    又说，你们中间有权势的人，与我一同下去，那人若有什么不是，就可以告他。
Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him.

25:6    非斯都在他们那里，住了不过十天八天，就下凯撒利亚去。第二天坐堂，吩咐将保罗提上来。
And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought.

25:7    保罗来了，那些从耶路撒冷下来的犹太人，周围站着，将许多重大的事控告他，都是不能证实的。
And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove.

25:8    保罗分诉说，无论犹太人的律法，或是圣殿，或是凯撒，我都没有干犯。
While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all.

25:9    但非斯都要讨犹太人的喜欢，就问保罗说，你愿意上耶路撒冷去，在那里听我审断这事吗。
But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?

25:10    保罗说，我站在凯撒的堂前，这就是我应当受审的地方。我向犹太人并没有行过什么不义的事，这也是你明明知道的。
Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest.

25:11    我若行了不义的事，犯了什么该死的罪，就是死，我也不辞。他们所告我的事若都不实，就没有人可以把我交给他们。我要上告于凯撒。
For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar.

25:12    非斯都和议会商量了，就说，你既上告于凯撒，可以往凯撒那里去。
Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou go.

25:13    过了些日子，亚基帕王，和百尼基氏，来到凯撒利亚，问非斯都安。
And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus.

25:14    在那里住了多日，非斯都将保罗的事告诉王，说，这里有一个人，是腓力斯留在监里的。
And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:

25:15    我在耶路撒冷的时候，祭司长和犹太的长老，将他的事禀报了我，求我定他的罪。
About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him.

25:16    我对他们说，无论什么人，被告还没有和原告对质，未得机会分诉所告他的事，就先定他的罪，这不是罗马人的条例。
To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him.

25:17    及至他们都来到这里，我就不耽延，第二天便坐堂，吩咐把那人提上来。
Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth.

25:18    告他的人站着告他。所告的，并没有我所逆料的那等恶事。
Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:

25:19    不过是有几样辩论，为他们自己敬鬼神的事，又为一个人名叫耶稣，是已经死了，保罗却说他是活着的。
But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.

25:20    这些事当怎样究问，我心里作难。我以问他说，你愿意上耶路撒冷去，在那里为这些事听审吗。
And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.

25:21    但保罗求我留下，他要听皇上审断，我就吩咐把他留下，等我解他到凯撒那里去。
But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar.

25:22    亚基帕对非斯都说，我自己也愿听这人辩论。非斯都说，明天你可以听。
Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.

25:23    第二天，亚基帕和百尼基大张威势而来，同着众千夫长，和城里的尊贵人，进了公厅。非斯都吩咐一声，就有人将保罗带进来。
And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth.

25:24    非斯都说，亚基帕王，和在这里的诸位阿，你们看这人，就是一切犹太人在耶路撒冷，和这里，曾向我恳求，呼叫说，不可容他再活着。
And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer.

25:25    但我查明他没有犯什么该死的罪。并且他自己上告于皇帝，所以我定意把他解去
But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him.

25:26    论到这人，我没有确实的事，可以奏明主上。因此我带他到你们面前，也特意带他到你亚基帕王面前，为要在查问之后，有所陈奏。
Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.

25:27    据我看来，解送囚犯，不指明他的罪案，是不合理的。
For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 26 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


26:1    亚基帕对抱罗说，准你为自己辩明。
Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:

26:2    于是保罗挽手分诉说，亚基帕王阿，犹太人所告我的一切事，今日得在你面前分诉，实在万幸。
I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:

26:3    更可幸的，是你熟悉犹太人的规矩，和他们的辩论。所以求你耐心听我。
Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently.

26:4    我从起初在本国的民中，并在耶路撒冷，自幼为人如何，犹太人都知道。
My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;

26:5    他们若肯作见证，就晓得我从起初，是按着我们教中最严紧的教门，作了法利赛人。
Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most straitest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.

26:6    现在我站在这里受审，是因为指望神向我们祖宗所应许的。
And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God unto our fathers:

26:7    这应许，我们十二个支派昼夜切切的事奉神，都指望得着。王阿，我被犹太人控告，就是因这指望。
Unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews.

26:8    神叫死人复活，你们为什么看作不可信的呢。
Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?

26:9    从前我自己以为应当多方攻击拿撒勒人耶稣的名。
I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.

26:10    我在耶路撒冷也曾这样行了。既从祭司长得了权柄，我就把许多圣徒囚在监里。他们被杀，我也出名定案。
Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them.

26:11    在各会堂，我屡次用刑，强逼他们说亵渎的话。又分外恼恨他们，甚至追逼他们直到外邦的城邑。
And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities.

26:12    那时，我领了祭司长的权柄和命令，往大马士革去。
Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,

26:13    王阿，我在路上，晌午的时候，看见从天发光，比日头还亮，四面照着我，并与我同行的人。
At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.

26:14    我们都仆倒在地，我就听见有声音，用希伯来话，向我说，扫罗，扫罗，为什么逼迫我。你用脚踢刺是难的。
And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.

26:15    我说，主阿，你是谁。主说，我就是你所逼迫的耶稣。
And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.

26:16    你起来站着，我特意向你显现，要派你作执事作见证，将你所看见的事，和我将要指示你的事，证明出来。
But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;

26:17    我也要救你脱离百姓和外邦人的手。
Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,

26:18    我差你到他们那里去，要叫他们的眼睛得开，从黑暗中归向光明，从撒但权下归向神。又因信我，得蒙赦罪，和一切成圣的人同得基业。
To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.

26:19    亚基帕王阿，我故此没有违背那从天上来的异象。
Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:

26:20    先在大马士革，后在耶路撒冷，和犹太全地，以及外邦，劝勉他们应当悔改归向神，行事与悔改的心相称。
But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.

26:21    因此，犹太人在殿里拿住我，想要杀我。
For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me.

26:22    然而我蒙神的帮助，直到今日还站得住，对着尊贵卑贱老幼作见证。所讲的，并不外乎众先知和摩西所说，将来必成的事。
Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:



26:23    就是基督必须受害，并且因从死里复活，要首先把光明的道，传给百姓和外邦人。
That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles.

26:24    保罗这样分诉，非斯都大声说，保罗，你癫狂了吧。你的学问太大，反叫你癫狂了。
And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad.

26:25    保罗说，非斯都大人，我不是癫狂，我说的乃是真实明白话。
But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness.

26:26    王也晓得这些事，所以我向王放胆直言，我深信这些事没有一件向王隐藏的。因都不是在背地里作的。
For the king knoweth of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner.

26:27    亚基帕王阿，你信先知吗，我知道你是信的。
King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest.

26:28    亚基帕对保罗说，你想少微一劝，便叫我作基督徒阿。（或作你这样劝我几乎叫我作基督徒了）。
Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian.

26:29    保罗说，无论是少劝，是多劝，我向神所求的，不但你一个人，就是今天一切听我的，都要像我一样，只是不要像我有这些锁链。
And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.

26:30    于是王，和巡抚，并百尼基，与同坐的人，都起来，
And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:

26:31    退到里面，彼此谈论说，这人并没有犯什么该死该绑的罪。
And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds.

26:32    亚基帕又对非斯都说，这人若没有上告于凯撒，就可以释放了。
Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 27 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　　


27:1    非斯都既然定规了，叫我们坐船往意大利去，便将保罗，和别的囚犯，交给卿营里的一个百夫长，名叫犹流。
And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band.

27:2    有一只亚大米田的船，要沿着亚细亚一带地方的海边走，我们就上了船开行，有马其顿的帖撒罗尼迦人，亚里达古，和我们同去。
And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.

27:3    第二天，到了西顿。犹流宽待保罗，准他往朋友那里去，受他们的照应。
And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself.

27:4    从那里又开船，因为风不顺，就贴着塞浦路斯背风岸行去。
And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.

27:5    过了基利家旁非利亚前面的海，就到吕家的每拉。
And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia.

27:6    在那里百夫长遇见一只亚力山太的船，要往意大利去，便叫我们上了那船。
And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein.

27:7    一连多日，船行得慢，仅仅来到革尼土的对面。因为被风拦阻，就贴着克里特背风岸，从撒摩尼对面行过。
And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;

27:8    我们沿岸行走，仅仅来到一个地方，名叫佳澳。离那里不远，有拉西亚城。
And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea.

27:9    走的日子多了，已经过了禁食的节期，行船又危险，保罗就劝众人说，
Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished them,

27:10    众位，我看这次行船，不但货物和船要受伤损，大遭破坏，连我们的性命也难保。
And said unto them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.

27:11    但百夫长信从掌船的和船主，不信从保罗所说的。
Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul.

27:12    且因在这海口过冬不便，船上的人，就多半说，不如开船离开这地方，或者能到非尼基过冬。非尼基是克里特的一个海口，一面朝东北，一面朝东南。
And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west.

27:13    这时微微起了南风，他们以为得意，就起了锚，贴近克里特行去。
And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete.

27:14    不多几时，狂风从岛上扑下来，那风名叫友拉革罗。
But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.

27:15    船被风抓住，敌不住风，我们就任风刮去。
And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive.

27:16    贴着一个小岛的背风岸奔行，那岛名叫高大，在那里仅仅收住了小船。
And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:

27:17    既然把小船拉上来，就用缆索捆绑船底。又恐怕在赛耳底沙滩上搁了浅，就落下篷来，任船飘去。
Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.

27:18    我们被风浪逼得甚急，第二天众人就把货物抛在海里。
And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;

27:19    到第三天，他们又亲手把船上的器具抛弃了。
And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.

27:20    太阳和星辰多日不显露，又有狂风大浪催逼，我们得救的指望就都绝了。
And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

27:21    众人多日没有吃什么，保罗就出来站在他们中间说，众位，你们本该听我的话，不离开克里特，免得遭这样的伤损破坏。
But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.

27:22    现在我还劝你们放心。你们的性命，一个也不失丧，惟独失丧这船。
And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

27:23    因我所属所事奉的神，他的使者昨夜站在我旁边说，
For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

27:24    保罗，不要害怕，你必定站在凯撒面前。并且与你同船的人，神都赐给你了。
Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

27:25    所以众位可以放心，我信）神，他怎样对我说，事情也要怎样成就。
Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

27:26    只是我们必要撞在一个岛上。
Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island.

27:27    到了第十四天夜间，船在亚得里亚海，飘来飘去，约到半夜，水手以为渐近旱地，
But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;

27:28    就探深浅，探得有十二丈，稍往前行，又探深浅，探得有九丈。
And sounded, and found it twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms.

27:29    恐怕撞在石头上，就从船尾抛下四个锚，盼望天亮。
Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.

27:30    水手想要逃出船去，把小船放在海里，假作要从船头抛锚的样子。
And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship,

27:31    保罗对百夫长和兵丁说，这些人若不等在船上，你们必不能得救。
Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.

27:32    于是兵丁砍断小船的绳子，由他飘去。
Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.

27:33    天渐亮的时候保罗劝众人都吃饭，说，你们悬望忍饿不吃什么，已经十四天了。
And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing.

27:34    所以我劝你们吃饭，这是关乎你们救命的事。因为你们各人连一根头发，也不至损坏。
Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you.

27:35    保罗说了这话，就拿着饼，在众人面前祝谢了神，擘开吃。
And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat.

27:36    于是他们都放下心，也就吃了。
Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat.

27:37    我们在船上的，共有二百七十六个人
And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls.

27:38    他们吃饱了，就把船上的麦子，抛在海里，为要叫船轻一点。
And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea.

27:39    到了天亮，他们不认识那地方，但见一个海湾，有岸可登，就商议能把船拢进去不能。
And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship.

27:40    于是砍断缆索，弃锚在海里，同时也松开舵绳，拉起头篷，顺着风向岸行去。
And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore.

27:41    但遇着两水夹流的地方，就把船搁了浅。船头胶住不动，船尾被浪的猛力冲坏。
And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.

27:42    兵丁的意思，要把囚犯杀了，恐怕有？？水脱逃的。
And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape.

27:43    但百夫长要救保罗，不准他们任意而行，就吩咐会？？水的，跳下水先上岸。
But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:

27:44    其馀的人，可以用板子，或船上的零碎东西上岸。这样众人都得了救上了岸。
And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land.



新约 -- 使徒行传(Acts) -- 第 28 章 ( 本篇共有 28 章 )    　


28:1    我们既已得救，才知道那岛名叫马耳他。
And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita.

28:2    土人看待我们，有非常的情分，因为当时下雨，天气又冷，就生火，接待我们众人。
And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.

28:3    那时保罗拾起一捆柴，放在火上，有一条毒蛇，因为热了出来，咬住他的手。
And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.

28:4    土人看见那毒蛇，悬在他手上，就彼此说，这人必是个凶手，虽然从海里救上来，天理还不容他活着。
And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live.

28:5    保罗竟把那蛇，甩在火里，并没有受伤。
And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.

28:6    土人想他必要肿起来，或是忽然仆倒死了。看了多时，见他无害，就转念说，他是个神。
Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.

28:7    离那地方不远，有田产是岛长部百流的。他接纳我们，尽情款待三日。
In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.

28:8    当时，部百流的父亲，患热病和痢疾躺着。保罗进去，为他祷告，按手在他身上，治好了他。
And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.

28:9    从此，岛上其馀的病人，也来得了医治。
So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:

28:10    他们又多方的尊敬我们。到了开船的时候，也把我们所需用的送到船上。
Who also honoured us with many honours; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were necessary.

28:11    过了三个月，我们上了亚力山太的船，往前行。这船以宙斯双子为记，是在海岛过了冬的。
And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.

28:12    到了叙拉古，我们停泊三日。
And landing at Syracuse, we tarried there three days.

28:13    又从那里绕行，来到利基翁。过了一天，起了南风，第二天就来到部丢利。
And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:

28:14    在那里遇见弟兄们，请我们与他们同住七天。这样我们来到罗马。
Where we found brethren, and were desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.

28:15    那里的弟兄们，一听见我们的信息，就出来到亚比乌市，和三馆地方迎接我们。保罗见了他们，就感谢神，放心壮胆。
And from thence, when the brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage.

28:16    进了罗马城，（有古卷在此有百夫长把众囚犯交给御营的统领惟有）保罗蒙准，和一个看守他的兵，另住在一处。
And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.

28:17    过了三天，保罗请犹太人的首领来。他们来了，就对他们说，弟兄们，我虽没有作什么事干犯本国的百姓，和我们祖宗的规条，却被锁绑，从耶路撒冷解在罗马人的手里。
And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans.

28:18    他们审问了我，就愿意释放我。因为在我身上，并没有该死的罪。
Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me.

28:19    无奈犹太人不服，我不得己，只好上告于凯撒。并没有什么事，要控告我本国的百姓。
But when the Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of.

28:20    因此，我请你们来见面说话。我原为以色列人所指望的，被这链子捆锁。
For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.

28:21    他们说，我们并没有接着从犹太来论你的信，也没有弟兄到这里来，报信给我们说，你有什么不好处。
And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee.

28:22    但我们愿意听你的意见如何。因为这教门，我们晓得是到处被毁谤的。
But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against.

28:23    他们和保罗约定了日子，就有许多人到他的寓处来，保罗从早到晚，对他们讲论这事，证明神国的道，引摩西的律法和先知的书，以耶稣的事，劝勉他们。
And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening.

28:24    他所说的话，有信的，有不信的。
And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not.

28:25    他们彼此不合，就散了。未散以先，保罗说了一句话，说，圣灵藉先知以赛亚，向你们祖宗所说的话，是不错的。
And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers,

28:26    他说，你去告诉这百姓说，你们听是要听见，却不明白。看是要看见，却不晓得。
Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:

28:27    因为这百姓，油蒙了心，耳朵发沉，眼睛闭着。恐怕眼睛看见，耳朵听见，心里明白，回转过来，我就医治他们。
For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.

28:28    所以你们当知道，神这救恩，如今传给外邦人，他们也必听受。（有古卷在此有，
Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it.

28:29    保罗说了这话犹太人议论纷纷的就走了）。
And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.

28:30    保罗在自己所租的房子里，住了足足两年。凡来见他的人，他全都接待，
And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him,

28:31    放胆传讲神国的道，将耶稣基督的事教导人，并没有人禁止。
Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.





新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


1:1    耶稣基督的仆人保罗，奉召为使徒，特派传神的福音。
Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,

1:2    这福音是神从前藉众先知，在圣经上所应许的。
(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)

1:3    论到他儿子，我主耶稣基督。按肉体说，是从大卫后裔生的。
Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;

1:4    按圣善的灵说，因从死里复活，以大能显明是神的儿子。
And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:

1:5    我们从他受了恩惠，并使徒的职分，在万国之中叫人为他的名信服真道。
By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:

1:6    其中也有你们这蒙召属耶稣基督的人。
Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:

1:7    我写信给你们在罗马为神所爱，奉召作圣徒的众人。愿恩惠平安，从我们的父神，并主耶稣基督，归与你们。
To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:8    第一，我靠着耶稣基督，为你们众人感谢我的神。因你们的信德传遍了天下。
First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.

1:9    我在他儿子福音上，用心灵所事奉的神，可以见证我怎样不住的题到你们，
For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;

1:10    在祷告之间，常常恳求，或者照神的旨意，终能得平坦的道路往你们那里去。
Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.

1:11    因为我切切的想见你们，要把些属灵的恩赐分给你们，使你们可以坚固。
For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;

1:12    这样我在你们中间，因你与我彼此的信心，就可以同得安慰。
That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.

1:13    弟兄们，我不愿意你们不知道，我屡次定意往你们那里去，要在你们中间得些果子，如同在其馀的外邦人中一样。只是到如今仍有阻隔。
Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.

1:14    无论是希腊人，化外人，聪明人，愚拙人，我都欠他们的债。
I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.

1:15    所以情愿尽我的力量，将福音也传给你们在罗马的人。
So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.

1:16    我不以福音为耻。这福音本是神的大能，要救一切相信的，先是犹太人，后是希腊人。
For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.

1:17    因为神的义，正在这福音上显明出来。这义是本于信以致于信。如经上所记，义人必因信得生。
For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

1:18    原来神的忿怒，从天上显明在一切不虔不义的人身上，就是那些行不义阻挡真理的人。
For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;

1:19    神的事情，人所能知道的，原显明在人心里。因为神已经给他们显明。
Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.

1:20    自从造天地以来，神的永能和神性是明明可知的，虽是眼不能见，但藉着所造之物，就可以晓得，叫人无可推诿。
For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:

1:21    因为他们虽然知道神，却不当作神荣耀他，也不感谢他。他们的思念变为虚妄，无知的心就昏暗了。
Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.



1:22    自称为聪明，反成了愚拙，
Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,

1:23    将不能朽坏之神的荣耀变为偶像，彷佛必朽坏的人，和飞禽走兽昆虫的样式。
And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.

1:24    所以神任凭他们，逞着心里的情欲行污秽的事，以致彼此玷辱自己的身体。
Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:

1:25    他们将神的真实变为虚谎，去敬拜事奉受造之物，不敬奉那造物的主。主乃是可称颂的，直到永远。阿们。
Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.

1:26    因此神任凭他们放纵可羞耻的情欲。他们的女人，把顺性的用处，变为逆性的用处。
For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:

1:27    男人也是如此，弃了女人顺性的用处，欲火攻心，彼此贪恋，男和男行可羞耻的事，就在自己身上受这妄为当得的报应。
And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.

1:28    他们既然故意不认识神，神就任凭他们存邪僻的心行那些不合理的事，
And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;

1:29    装满了各样不义，邪恶，贪婪，恶毒（或作阴毒）。满心是嫉妒，凶杀，争竞，诡诈，毒恨。
Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,

1:30    又是谗毁的，背后说人的，怨恨神的（或作被神所憎恶的），侮慢人的，狂傲的，自夸的，捏造恶事的，违背父母的，
Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,

1:31    无知的，背约的，无亲情的，不怜悯人的。
Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:

1:32    他们虽知道神判定，行这样事的人是当死的，然而他们不但自己去行，还喜欢别人去行。
Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


2:1    你这论断人的，无论你是谁，也无可推诿，你在什么事上论断人，就在什么事上定自己的罪。因你这论断人的，自己所行却和别人一样。
Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.

2:2    我们知道这样行的人，神必照真理审判他。
But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.

2:3    你这人哪，你论断行这事的人，自己所行的却和别人一样，你以为能逃脱神的审判吗。
And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?

2:4    还是你藐视他丰富的恩慈，宽容，忍耐，不晓得他的恩慈是领你悔改呢。
Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?

2:5    你竟任着你刚硬不悔改的心，为自己积蓄忿怒，以致神震怒，显出他公义审判的日子来到。
But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;

2:6    他必照各人的行为报应各人。
Who will render to every man according to his deeds:

2:7    凡恒心行善寻求荣耀尊贵，和不能朽坏之福的，就以永生报应他们。
To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:

2:8    惟有结党不顺从真理，反顺从不义的，就以忿怒恼恨报应他们。
But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,

2:9    将患难，困苦，加给一切作恶的人，先是犹太人，后是希腊人。
Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;

2:10    却将荣耀，尊贵，平安，加给一切行善的人，先是犹太人，后是希腊人。
But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:

2:11    因为神不偏待人。
For there is no respect of persons with God.

2:12    凡没有律法犯了罪的，也必不按律法灭亡。凡在律法以下犯了罪的，也必按律法受审判，
For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;

2:13    （原来在神面前，不是听律法的为义，乃是行律法的称义。
(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.

2:14    没有律法的外邦人，若顺着本性行律法上的事，他们虽然没有律法，自己就是自己的律法。
For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:

2:15    这是显出律法的功用刻在他们心里，他们是非之心同作见证，并且他们的思念互相较量，或以为是，或以为非
Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)

2:16    就在神藉耶稣基督审判人隐秘事的日子，照着我的福音所言。
In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.

2:17    你称为犹太人，又倚靠律法，且指着神夸口。
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,

2:18    既从律法中受了教训，就晓得神的旨意，也能分别是非（或作也喜爱那美好的事）
And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;

2:19    又深信自己是给瞎子领路的，是黑暗中人的光，
And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,

2:20    是蠢笨人的师傅，是小孩子的先生，在律法上有知识和真理的模范。
An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.

2:21    你既是教导别人，还不教导自己吗。你讲说人不可偷窃，自己还偷窃吗。
Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?

2:22    你说人不可奸淫，自己还奸淫吗。你厌恶偶像，自己还偷窃庙中之物吗。
Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?

2:23    你指着律法夸口，自己倒犯律法，玷辱神吗。
Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?

2:24    神的名在外邦人中，因你们受了亵渎，正如经上所记的。
For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.

2:25    你若是行律法的割礼固然于你有益。若是犯律法的，你的割礼就算不得割礼。
For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.

2:26    所以那未受割礼的，若遵守律法的条例，他虽然未受割礼，岂不算是有割礼吗。
Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?

2:27    然而那本来未受割礼的，若能全守律法，岂不是要审判你这有仪文和割礼竟犯律法的人吗。
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?

2:28    因为外面作犹太人的，不是真犹太人，外面肉身的割礼，也不是真割礼。
For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:

2:29    惟有里面作的，才是真犹太人。真割礼也是心里的，在乎灵，不在乎仪文。这人的称赞不是从人来的，乃是从神来的。
But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


3:1    这样说来，犹太人有什么长处，割礼有什么益处呢。
What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?

3:2    凡事大有好处。第一是神的圣言交托他们。
Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God.

3:3    既便有不信的，这有何妨呢。难道他们的不信，就废掉神的信吗。
For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?

3:4    断乎不能。不如说，神是真实的，人都是虚谎的。如经上所记，你责备人的时候，显为公义。被人议论的时候，可以得胜。
God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

3:5    我且照着人的常话说，我们的不义，若显出神的义来，我们可以怎吗说呢。神降怒，是他不义吗。
But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)

3:6    断乎不是。若是这样，神怎能审判世界呢。
God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?

3:7    若神的真实，因我的虚谎，越发显出他的荣耀，为什么我还受审判，好像罪人呢。
For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?

3:8    为什么不说，我们可以作恶以成善呢，这是毁谤我们的人，说我们有这话。这等人定罪，是该当的。
And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.

3:9    这却怎吗样呢。我们比他们强吗。决不是的。因为我们已经证明，犹太人和希腊人都在罪恶之下。
What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;

3:10    就如经上所记，没有义人，连一个也没有。
As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:

3:11    没有明白的，没有寻求神的。
There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.

3:12    都是偏离正路，一同变为无用。没有行善的，连一个也没有。
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.

3:13    他们的喉咙是敞开的坟墓。他们用舌头弄诡诈。嘴唇里有虺蛇的毒气。
Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:

3:14    满口是咒骂苦毒。
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:

3:15    杀人流血他们的脚飞跑。
Their feet are swift to shed blood:

3:16    所经过的路，便行残害暴虐的事。
Destruction and misery are in their ways:

3:17    平安的路，他们未曾知道。
And the way of peace have they not known:

3:18    他们眼中不怕神。
There is no fear of God before their eyes.

3:19    我们晓得律法上的话，都是对律法以下之人说的，好塞住各人的口，叫普世的人都伏在神的审判之下。
Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.

3:20    所以凡有血气的没有一个，因行律法，能在神面前称义。因为律法本是叫人知罪。
Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.

3:21    但如今神的义在律法以外已经显明出来，有律法和先知为证。
But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;

3:22    就是神的义，因信耶稣基督，加给一切相信的人，并没有分别。
Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:

3:23    因为世人都犯了罪，亏缺了神的荣耀。
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;

3:24    如今却蒙神的恩典，因基督耶稣的救赎，就白白的称义。
Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:

3:25    神设立耶稣作挽回祭，是凭着耶稣的血，藉着人的信，要显明神的义。因为他用忍耐的心，宽容人先时所犯的罪。
Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;



3:26    好在今时显明他的义，使人知道他自己为义，也称信耶稣的人为义。
To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.

3:27    既是这样，那里能夸口呢。没有可夸的了。用何法没有的呢，是用立功之法吗。不是，乃用信主之法。
Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.

3:28    所以（有古卷作因为）我们看定了，人称义是因着信，不在乎遵行律法。
Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.

3:29    难道神只作犹太人的神吗。也不是作外邦人的神吗。是的，也作外邦人的神。
Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:

3:30    神既是一位他就要因信称那受割礼的为义，也要因信称那未受割礼的为义。
Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith.

3:31    这样，我们因信废了律法吗。断乎不是，更是坚固律法。
Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


4:1    如此说来，我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕，凭着肉体得了什么呢。
What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?

4:2    倘若亚伯拉罕是因行为称义，就有可夸的。只是在神面前并无可夸的。
For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God.

4:3    经上说什么呢。说，亚伯拉罕信神，这就算为他的义。
For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.

4:4    作工的得工价，不算恩典，乃是该得的，
Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.

4:5    惟有不作工的，只信称罪人为义的神，他的信就算为义。
But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.

4:6    正如大卫称那在行为以外，蒙神算为义的人是有福的。
Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works,

4:7    他说，得赦免其过，遮盖其罪的，这人是有福的。
Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.

4:8    主不算为有罪的，这人是有福的。
Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.

4:9    如此看来，这福音是单加给那受割礼的人吗。不也是加给那未受割礼的人吗。因我们所说，亚伯拉罕的信，就算为他的义。
Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.

4:10    是怎吗算的呢。是在他受割礼的时候呢。是在他未受割礼的时候呢。不是在受割礼的时候，乃是在未受割礼的时候。
How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.

4:11    并且他受了割礼的记号，作他未受割礼的时候因信称义的印证，叫他作一切未受割礼而信之人的父，使他们也算为义。
And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:

4:12    又作受割礼之人的父，就是那些不但受割礼，并且按我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕，未受割礼而信之踪迹去行的人。
And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised.

4:13    因为神应许亚伯拉罕和他后裔，必得承受世界，不是因律法，乃是因信而得的义。
For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.

4:14    若是属乎律法的人，才得为后嗣，信就归于虚空，应许也就废弃了。
For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:

4:15    因为律法是惹动忿怒的。（或作叫人受刑的）那里没有律法，那里就没有过犯。
Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression.

4:16    所以人得为后嗣是本乎信。因此就属乎恩。叫应许定然归给一切后裔。不但归给那属乎律法的，也归给那效法亚伯拉罕之信的。
Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,

4:17    亚伯拉罕所信的，是那叫死人复活使无变为有的神，他在主面前作我们世人的父。如经上所记，我已经立你作多国的父。
(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.

4:18    他在无可指望的时候，因信仍有指望，就得以作多国的父，正如先前所说，你的后裔将要如此。
Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be.

4:19    他将近百岁的时候，虽然想到自己的身体如同已死，撒拉的生育已经断绝，他的信心还是不软弱。
And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:

4:20    并且仰望神的应许，总没有因不信，心里起疑惑。反倒因信，心里得坚固，将荣耀归给神。
He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

4:21    且满心相信，神所应许的必能作成。
And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.

4:22    所以这就算为他的义。
And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.

4:23    算为他义的这句话，不是单为他写的，
Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;

4:24    也是为我们将来得算为义之人写的。就是我们这信神使我们的主耶稣从死里复活的人。
But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;

4:25    耶稣被交给人，是为我们的过犯，复活是为叫我们称义。（或作耶稣是为我们的过犯交付了是为我们称义复活了）
Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


5:1    我们既因信称义，就藉着我们的主耶稣基督，得与神相和。
Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:

5:2    我们又藉着他，因信得进入现在所站的恩典中，并且欢欢喜喜盼望神的荣耀。
By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.

5:3    不但如此，就是在患难中，也是欢欢喜喜的。因为知道患难生忍耐。
And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;

5:4    忍耐生老练。老练生盼望。
And patience, experience; and experience, hope:

5:5    盼望不至于羞耻，因为所赐给我们的圣灵将神的爱浇灌在我们心里。
And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.

5:6    因我们还软弱的时候，基督就按所定的日期为罪人死。
For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.

5:7    为义人死，是少有的，为仁人死，或者有敢作的。
For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.

5:8    惟有基督在我们还作罪人的时候为我们死，神的爱就在此向我们显明了。
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.

5:9    现在我们既靠着他的血称义，就更要藉着他免去神的忿怒。
Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.

5:10    因为我们作仇敌的时候，且藉着神儿子的死，得与神和好，既已和好，就更要因他的生得救了。
For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.

5:11    不但如此，我们既藉着我主耶稣基督，得与神和好，也就藉着他，以神为乐。
And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.

5:12    这就如罪是从一人入了世界，死又是从罪来的，于是死就临到众人，因为众人都犯了罪。
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:

5:13    没有律法之先，罪已经在世上。但没有律法，罪也不算罪。
(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.

5:14    然而从亚当到摩西，死就作了王，连那些不与亚当犯一样罪过的，也在他的权下。亚当乃是那以后要来之人的豫像。
Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.

5:15    只是过犯不如恩赐。若因一人的过犯，众人都死了，何况神的恩典，与那因耶稣基督一人恩典中的赏赐，岂不更加倍的临到众人吗。
But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.



5:16    因一人犯罪就定罪，也不如恩赐。原来审判是由一人而定罪，恩赐乃是由许多过犯而称义。
And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification.

5:17    若因一人的过犯，死就因这一人作了王，何况那些受洪恩又蒙所赐之义的，岂不更要因耶稣基督一人在生命中作王吗。
For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)

5:18    如此说来，因一次的过犯，众人都被定罪，照样，因一次的义行，众人也就被称义得生命了。
Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.

5:19    因一人的悖逆，众人成为罪人，照样，因一人的顺从，众人也成为义了。
For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.

5:20    律法本是外添的，叫过犯显多。只是罪在那里显多，恩典就更显多了。
Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:

5:21    就如罪作王叫人死，照样恩典也藉着义作王，叫人因我们的主耶稣基督得永生。
That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


6:1    这样，怎吗说呢。我们可以仍在罪中，叫恩典显多吗。
What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?

6:2    断乎不可。我们在罪上死了的人，岂可仍在罪中活着呢。
God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?

6:3    岂不知我们这受洗归入基督耶稣的人，是受洗归入他的死吗。
Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?

6:4    所已，我们藉着洗礼归入死，和他一同埋葬，原是叫我们一举一动有新生的样式，像基督藉着父的荣耀从死里复活一样。
Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.

6:5    我们若在他死的形状上与他联合，也要在他复活的形状上与他联合。
For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:

6:6    因为知道我们的旧人和他同定十字架，使罪身灭绝，叫我们不再作罪的奴仆。
Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.

6:7    因为已死的人，是脱离了罪。
For he that is dead is freed from sin.

6:8    我们若是与基督同死，就信必与他同活。
Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:

6:9    因为知道基督既从死里复活，就不再死，死也不再作他的主了。
Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him.

6:10    他死是向罪死了，只有一次。他活是向神活着。
For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.

6:11    这样，你们向罪也当看自己是死的。向神在基督耶稣里却当看自己是活的。
Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.

6:12    所以不要容罪在你们必死的身上作王，使你们顺从身子的私欲。
Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.

6:13    也不要将你们的肢体献给罪作不义的器具。倒要像从死里复活的人，将自己献给神。并将肢体作义的器具献给神。
Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.

6:14    罪必不能作你们的主。因为你们不在律法之下，乃在恩典之下。
For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.

6:15    这却怎吗样呢。我们在恩典之下，不在律法之下，就可以犯罪吗。断乎不可。
What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.

6:16    岂不晓得你们献上自己作奴仆，顺从谁，就作谁的奴仆吗。或作罪的奴仆，以至于死。或作顺命的奴仆，以至成义。
Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?

6:17    感谢神，因为你们从前虽然作罪的奴仆，现今却从心里顺服了所传给你们道理的模范。
But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.

6:18    你们既从罪里得了释放，就作了义的奴仆。
Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.

6:19    我因你们肉体的软弱，就照人的常话对你们说，你们从前怎样将肢体献给不洁不法作奴仆，以至于不法。现今也要照样将肢体献给义作奴仆，以至于成圣。
I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness.

6:20    因为你们作罪的奴仆的时候，就不被义约束了。
For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.

6:21    你们现今所看为羞耻的事，当日有什么果子呢。那些事的结局就是死。
What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death.

6:22    但现今你们既从罪里得了释放，作了神的奴仆，就有成圣的果子，那结局就是永生。
But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life.

6:23    因为罪的工价乃是死。惟有神的恩赐，在我们的主基督耶稣里乃是永生。
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


7:1    弟兄们，我现在对明白律法的人说，你们岂不晓得律法管人是在活着的时候吗。
Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?

7:2    就如女人有了丈夫，丈夫还活着，就被律法约束。丈夫若死了，就脱离了丈夫的律法。
For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.

7:3    所以丈夫活着，她若归于别人，便叫淫妇。丈夫若死了，她就脱离了丈夫的律法，虽然归于别人，也不是淫妇。
So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.

7:4    我的弟兄们，这样说来，你们藉着基督的身体，在律法上也是死了。叫你们归于别人，就是归于那从死里复活的，叫我们结果子给神。
Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.

7:5    因为我们属肉体的时候，那因律法而生的恶欲，就在我们肢体中发动，以致结成死亡的果子。
For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.

7:6    但我们既然在捆我们的律法上死了，现今就脱离了律法，叫我们服事主，要按着心灵（心灵或作圣灵）的新样，不按着仪文的旧样。
But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.

7:7    这样，我们可说什么呢。律法是罪吗。断乎不是。只是非因律法，我就不知何为罪。非律法说，不可起贪心。我就不知何为贪心。
What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.

7:8    然而罪趁着机会，就藉着诫命叫诸般的贪心在我里头发动。因为没有律法罪是死的。
But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead.

7:9    我以前没有律法是活着的，但是诫命来到，罪又活了，我就死了。
For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.

7:10    那本来叫人活的诫命，反倒叫我死。
And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death.

7:11    因为罪趁着机会，就藉着诫命引诱我，并且杀了我。
For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.

7:12    这样看来，律法是圣洁的，诫命也是圣洁，公义，良善的。
Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good.

7:13    既然如此，那良善的是叫我死吗。断乎不是。叫我死的乃是罪。但罪藉着那良善的叫我死，就显出真是罪。叫罪因着诫命更显出是恶极了。
Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.

7:14    我们原晓得律法是属乎灵的，但我是属乎肉体的，是已经卖给罪了。
For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.

7:15    因为我所作的，我自己不明白。我所愿意的，我并不作。我所恨恶的，我倒去作。
For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.

7:16    若我所作的，是我所不愿意的，我就应承律法是善的。
If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.

7:17    既是这样，就不是我作的，乃是住在我里头的罪作的。
Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.

7:18    我也知道，在我里头，就是我肉体之中，没有良善。因为立志为善由得我，只是行出来由不得我。
For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not.

7:19    故此，我所愿意的善，我反不作。我所不愿意的恶，我倒去作。
For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.

7:20    若我去作所不愿意作的，就不是我作的，乃是住在我里头的罪作的。
Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.

7:21    我觉得有个律，就是我愿意为善的时候，便有恶与我同在。
I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.

7:22    因为按着我里面的意思。（原文作人）我是喜欢神的律。
For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:

7:23    但我觉得肢体中另有个律，和我心中的律交战，把我掳去叫我附从那肢体中犯罪的律。
But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.

7:24    我真是苦阿，谁能救我脱离这取死的身体呢。
O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?

7:25    感谢神，靠着我们的主耶稣基督就能脱离了这样看来，我以内心顺服神的律。我肉身却顺服罪的律了。
I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


8:1    如今那些在基督耶稣里的，就不定罪了。
There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

8:2    因为赐生命的圣灵的律，在基督耶稣里释放了我，使我脱离罪和死的律了。
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.

8:3    律法既因肉体软弱，有所不能行的，神就差遣自己的儿子，成为罪身的形状，罗08：03）作了赎罪祭，在肉体中定了罪案，
For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:

8:4    使律法的义成就在我们这不随从肉体，只随从圣灵的人身上。
That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

8:5    因为随从肉体的人体贴肉体的事，随从圣灵的人体贴圣灵的事。
For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.

8:6    体贴肉体的，就是死，体贴圣灵的，乃是生命，平安。
For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.

8:7    原来体贴肉体的，就是与神为仇。因为不服神的律法，也是不能服。
Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.

8:8    而且属肉体的人，不能得神的喜欢。
So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.

8:9    如果神的灵住在你们心里，你们就不属肉体，乃属圣灵了。人若没有基督的灵，就不是属基督的。
But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.

8:10    基督若在你们心里，身体就因罪而死，心灵却因义而活。
And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.

8:11    然而叫耶稣从死里复活者的灵，若住在你们心里，那叫基督耶稣从死里复活的，也必藉着住在你们心里的圣灵，使你们必死的身体又活过来。
But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.

8:12    弟兄们，这样看来，我们并不是欠肉体的债，去顺从肉体活着。
Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.

8:13    你们若顺从肉体活着必要死。若靠着圣灵治死身体的恶行必要活着。
For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.

8:14    因为凡被神的灵引导的，都是神的儿子。
For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

8:15    你们所受的不是奴仆的心，仍旧害怕。所受的乃是儿子的心，因此我们呼叫阿爸，父。
For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.

8:16    圣灵与我们的心同证我们是神的儿女。
The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:

8:17    既是儿女，便是后嗣，就是神的后嗣，和基督同作后嗣。如果我们和他一同受苦，也必和他一同得荣耀。
And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.

8:18    我想现在的苦楚，若比将来要显于我们的荣耀，就不足介意了。
For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.

8:19    受造之物，切望等候神的众子显出来。
For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.

8:20    因为受造之物服在虚空之下，不是自己愿意，乃是因那叫他如此的。
For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope,

8:21    但受造之物仍然指望脱离败坏的辖制，得享神儿女自由的荣耀。（享原文作入）
Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.

8:22    我们知道一切受造之物，一同叹息劳苦，直到如今。
For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.

8:23    不但如此，就是我们这有圣灵初结果子的，也是自己心里叹息，等候得着儿子的名分，乃是我们的身体得赎。
And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.

8:24    我们得救是在乎盼望。只是所见的盼望不是盼望。谁还盼望他所见的呢。（有古卷作人所看见的何必再盼望呢）
For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?

8:25    但我们若盼望那所不见的，就必忍耐等候。
But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it.

8:26    况且我们的软弱有圣灵帮助，我们本不晓得当怎样祷告，只是圣灵亲自用说不出来的叹息，替我们祷告。
Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.

8:27    鉴查人心的，晓得圣灵的意思因为圣灵照着神的旨意替圣徒祈求。
And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.

8:28    我们晓得万事都互相效力，叫爱神的人得益处，就是按他旨意被召的人。
And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.

8:29    因为他豫先所知道的人，就豫先定下效法他儿子的模样，使他儿子在许多弟兄中作长子。
For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.

8:30    豫先所定下的人又召他们来。所召来的人，又称他们为义。所称为义的人，又叫他们得荣耀。
Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.

8:31    既是这样，还有什么说的呢。神若帮助我们，谁能抵挡我们呢。
What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?



8:32    神既不爱惜自己的儿子为我们众人舍了，岂不也把万物和他一同白白的赐给我们吗。
He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?

8:33    谁能控告神所拣选的人呢。有神称他们为义了。（或作是称他们为义的神吗）
Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth.

8:34    谁能定他们的罪呢。有基督耶稣已经死了，而且从死里复活，现今在神的右边，也替我们祈求。（有基督云云或作是已经死了而且从死里复活现今在神的右边也替我们祈求的基督耶稣吗）
Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

8:35    谁能使我们与基督的爱隔绝呢。难道是患难吗，是困苦吗，是逼迫吗，是肌饿吗，是赤身露体吗，是危险吗，是刀剑吗。
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?

8:36    如经上所记，我们为你的缘故，终日被杀。人看我们如将宰的羊
As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.

8:37    然而靠着我们的主，在这一切的事上，已经得胜有馀了。
Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.

8:38    因为我深信无论是生，是天使，是掌权的，是有能的，是现在的事，是将来的事，
For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,

8:39    是高处的，是低处的，是别的受造之物，都不能叫我们与神的爱隔绝。这爱是在我们的主基督里的。
Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


9:1    我在基督里说真话，并不谎言，有我良心被圣灵感动，给我作见证。
I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,

9:2    我是大有忧愁，心里时常伤痛。
That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.

9:3    为我弟兄，我骨肉之亲，就是自己被咒诅，与基督分离，我也愿意。
For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:

9:4    他们是以色列人。那儿子的名分，荣耀，诸约，律法，礼仪，应许，都是他们的。
Who are Israelites; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;

9:5    列祖就是他们的祖宗，按肉体说，基督也是从他们出来的，他是在万有之上，永远可称颂的神。阿们。
Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.

9:6    这不是说神的话落了空。因为从以色列生的，不都是以色列人。
Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:

9:7    也不因为是亚伯拉罕的后裔，就都作他的儿女。惟独从以撒生的，才要称为你的后裔。
Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called.

9:8    这就是说，肉身所生的儿女，不是神的儿女。惟独那应许的儿女，才算是后裔。
That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.

9:9    因为所应许的话是这样说，到明年这时候我要来，撒拉必生一个儿子。
For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sarah shall have a son.

9:10    不但如此，还有利百加，既从一个人，就是从我们的祖宗以撒怀了孕。
And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;

9:11    （双子还没生下来，善恶还没有作出来，只因要显明神拣选人的旨意，不在乎人的行为，乃在乎召人的主）。
(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)

9:12    神就对利百加说，将来大的要服事小的。
It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.

9:13    正如经上所记，雅各是我所爱的，以扫是我所恶的。
As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.

9:14    这样，我们可说什么呢。难道神有什么不公平吗。断乎没有。
What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.

9:15    因他对摩西说，我要怜悯谁，就怜悯谁，要恩待谁，就恩待谁。
For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.

9:16    据此看来，这不在乎那定意的，也不在乎那奔跑的，只在乎发怜悯的神。
So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.

9:17    因为经上有话向法老说，我将你兴起来，特要在你身上彰显我的权能，并要使我的名传遍天下。
For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.

9:18    如此看来，神要怜悯谁，就怜悯谁，要叫谁刚硬，就叫谁刚硬。
Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth.

9:19    这样，你必对我说，他为什么还指责人呢。有谁抗拒他的旨意呢。
Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?

9:20    你这个人哪，你是谁，竟敢向神强嘴呢。受造之物岂能对造他的说，你为什么这样造我呢。
Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?



9:21    陶匠难道没有权柄，从一团泥里拿一块作成贵重的器皿，又拿一块作成卑贱的器皿吗。
Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?

9:22    倘若神要显明他的忿怒，彰显他的权能，就多多忍耐宽容那可怒预备遭毁灭的器皿。
What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:

9:23    又要将他丰盛的荣耀，彰显在那蒙怜悯早豫备得荣耀的器皿上。
And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory,

9:24    这器皿就是我们被神所召的，不但是从犹太人中，也是从外邦人中，这有什么不可呢。
Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?

9:25    就像神在何西阿书上说，那本来不是我子民的，我要称为我的子民。本来不是蒙爱的，我要称为蒙爱的。
As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.

9:26    从前在什么地方对他们说，你们不是我的子民，将来就在那里称他们为永生神的儿子。
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.

9:27    以赛亚指着以色列人喊着说，以色列人虽多如海沙，得救的不过是剩下的馀数。
Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:

9:28    因为主要在世上施行他的话，叫他的话都成全，速速的完结。
For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth.

9:29    又如以赛亚先前说过，若不是万军之主给我们存留馀种，我们早已像所多玛，蛾摩拉的样子了。
And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.

9:30    这样，我们可说什么呢。那本来不追求义的外邦人，反得了义，就是因信而得的义。
What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.

9:31    但以色列人追求律法的义，反得不着律法的义。
But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness.

9:32    这是什么缘故呢。是因为他们不凭着信心求，只凭着行为求。他们正跌在那绊脚石上。
Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;

9:33    就如经上所记，我在锡安放一块绊脚的石头，跌人的磐石。信靠他的人必不至于羞愧。
As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


10:1    弟兄们，我心里所愿的，向神所求的，是要以色列人得救。
Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.

10:2    我们可以证明他们向神有热心，但不是按着真知识。
For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.

10:3    因为不知道神的义，想要立自己的义，就不服神的义了。
For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God.

10:4    律法的总结就是基督，使凡信他的都得着义。
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.

10:5    摩西写着说，人若行那出于律法的义，就必因此活着。
For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them.

10:6    惟有出于信心的义如此说，你不要心里说，谁要升到天上去呢。就是要领下基督来。
But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:)

10:7    谁要下到阴间去呢。就是要领基督从死里上来。
Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.)

10:8    他到底怎吗说呢。他说，这道离你不远，正在你口里，在你心里。就是我们所传信主的道。
But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;

10:9    你若口里认耶稣为主，心里信神叫他从死里复活，就必得救。
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.

10:10    因为人心里相信，就可以称义。口里承认，就可以得救。
For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.

10:11    经上说，凡信他的人，必不至于羞愧。
For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.

10:12    犹太人和希腊人，并没有分别。因为众人同有一位主，他也厚待一切求告他的人。
For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.

10:13    因为凡求告主名的，就必得救。
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.

10:14    然而人未曾信他，怎能求他呢。未曾听见他，怎能信他呢。没有传道的，怎能听见呢。
How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?



10:15    若没有奉差遣，怎能传道呢。如经上所记，报福音传喜信的人，他们的脚踪何等佳美，
And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!

10:16    只是人没有都听从福音。因为以赛亚说，主阿，我们所传的有谁信呢。
But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?

10:17    可见信道是从听道来的，听道是从基督的话来的。
So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

10:18    但我说，人没有听见吗。诚然听见了。他们的声音传遍天下，他们的言语传到地极。
But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.

10:19    我再说，以色列人不知道吗。先有摩西说，我要用那不成子民的，惹动你们的愤恨。我要用那无知的民，触动你们的怒气。
But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you.

10:20    又有以赛亚放胆说，没有寻梢我的，我叫他们遇见。没有访问我的，我向他们显现。
But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me.

10:21    至于以色列人，他说，我整天伸手招呼那悖逆顶嘴的百姓。
But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


11:1    我且说，神弃绝了他的百姓吗。断乎没有。因为我也是以色列人，亚伯拉罕的后裔，属便雅悯支派的。
I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.

11:2    神并每有弃绝他豫先所知道的百姓。你们岂不晓得经上论到以利亚是怎吗说的呢。他在神面前怎样控告以色列人，说，
God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying,

11:3    主阿，他们杀了你的先知，拆了你的祭坛，只剩下我一个人，他们还要寻索我的命。
Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.

11:4    神的回话是怎吗说的呢。他说，我为自己留下七千人，是未曾向巴力屈膝的。
But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.

11:5    如今也是这样，照着拣选的恩典还有所留的馀数。
Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.

11:6    既是出于恩典，就不在乎行为。不然，恩典就不是恩典了。
And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.

11:7    这是怎吗样呢。以色列人所求的，他们没有得着。惟有蒙拣选的人得着了，其馀的就成了顽梗不化的。
What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded.

11:8    如经上所记，神给他们昏迷的心，眼睛不能看见，耳朵不能听见，直到今日。
(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.

11:9    大卫也说，愿他们的筵席变为网罗，变为机槛，变为绊脚石，作他们的报应。
And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:

11:10    愿他们的眼睛昏蒙，不得看见。愿你时常弯下他们的腰。
Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.

11:11    我且说，他们失脚是要他们跌倒吗。断乎不是。反倒因他们的过失，救恩便临到外邦人，要激动他们发愤。
I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.

11:12    若他们的过失，为天下的富足，他们的缺乏，为外邦人的富足。何况他们的丰满呢。
Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?

11:13    我对你们外邦人说这话。因我是外邦人的使徒，所以敬重我的职分。（敬重原文作荣耀）
For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:

11:14    或者可已激动我骨肉之亲发愤，好救他们一些人。
If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.

11:15    若他们被丢弃，天下就得与神和好，他们被收纳，岂不是死而复生吗。
For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?

11:16    所献的新面，若是圣洁，全团也就圣洁了。树根若是圣洁，树枝也就圣洁了。
For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.

11:17    若有几根枝子被折下来，你这野橄榄得接在其中，一同得着橄榄根的肥汁。
And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;

11:18    你就不可向旧枝子夸口，若是夸口，当知道不是你托着根，乃是根托着你。
Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.

11:19    你若说，那枝子被折下来，是特为叫我接上。
Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.

11:20    不错。他们因为不信，所以被折下来。你因为信，所以立得住。你不可自高，反要惧怕。
Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:

11:21    神既不爱惜原来的枝子，也必不爱惜你。
For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.

11:22    可见神的恩慈，和严厉。向那跌倒的人，是严厉的。向你是有恩慈的，只要你长久在他的恩慈里。不然，你也要被砍下来。
Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.

11:23    而且他们若不是长久不信，仍要被接上。因为神能够把他们从新接上。
And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.

11:24    你是从那天生的野橄榄上砍下来的，尚且逆着性得接在好橄榄上，何况这本树的枝子，要接在本树上呢。
For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?

11:25    弟兄们，我不愿意你们不知道这奥秘，（恐怕你们自以为聪明）就是以色列人有几分是硬心的，等到外邦人的数目添满了。
For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.

11:26    于是以色列全家都要得救，如经上所记，必有一位救主，从锡安出来，要消除雅各家的一切罪恶。
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:

11:27    又说，我除去他们罪的时候，这就是我与他们所立的约。
For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.

11:28    就着福音说，他们为你们的缘故是仇敌。就着拣选说，他们为列祖的缘故是蒙爱的。
As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the fathers' sakes.

11:29    因为神的恩赐和选召，是没有后悔的。
For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

11:30    你们从前不顺服神，如今因他们的不顺服，你们倒蒙了怜恤。
For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:

11:31    这样，他们也是不顺服，叫他们因着施给你们的怜恤，现在也就蒙怜恤。
Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.

11:32    因为神将众人都圈在不顺服之中，特意要怜恤众人。
For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.

11:33    深哉，神丰富的智慧和知识。他的判断，何其难测，他的踪迹，何其难寻，
O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!

11:34    谁知道主的心，谁作过他的谋士呢，
For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?



11:35    谁是先给了他，使他后来偿还呢。
Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?

11:36    因为万有都是本于他，倚靠他，归于他。愿荣耀归给他，直到永远。阿们。
For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.





新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


12:1    所以弟兄们，我以神的慈悲劝你们，将身体献上，当作活祭，是圣洁的，是神所喜悦的。你们如此事奉，乃是理所当然的。
I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.

12:2    不要效法这世界。只要心意更新而变化，叫你们察验何为神的善良，纯全可喜悦的旨意。
And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.

12:3    我凭着所赐我的恩，对你们各人说，不要看自己过于所当看的。要照着神所分给各人信心的大小，看得合乎中道。
For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.

12:4    正如我们一个身子上有好些肢体，肢体也不都是一样的用处。
For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:

12:5    我们这许多人，在基督里成为一身，互相联络作肢体，也是如此。
So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.

12:6    按我们所得的恩赐，各有不同。或说预言，就当照着信心的程度说预言
Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;

12:7    或作执事，就当专一执事。或作教导的，就当专一教导。
Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;

12:8    或作劝化的，就当专一劝化。施舍的就当诚实。治理的，就当殷勤。怜悯人的，就当甘心。
Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.

12:9    爱人不可虚假，恶要厌恶，善要亲近。
Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.

12:10    爱弟兄，要彼此亲热。恭敬人，要彼此推让。
Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;

12:11    殷勤不可懒惰。要心里火热。常常服事主。
Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;

12:12    在指望中要喜乐。在患难中要忍耐。祷告要恒切。
Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;

12:13    圣徒缺乏要帮补。客要一味的款待。
Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.

12:14    逼迫你们的，要给他们祝福。只要祝福，不可咒诅。
Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.

12:15    与喜乐的人要同乐。与哀哭的人要同哭。
Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.

12:16    要彼此同心。不要志气高大，倒要俯就卑微的人。（人或作事）不要自以为聪明。
Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.

12:17    不要以恶报恶，众人以为美的事，要留心去作。
Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.

12:18    若行，总要尽力与众人和睦。
If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.

12:19    亲串的弟兄，不要自己伸冤，宁可让步，听凭主怒。（或作让人发怒）因为经上记着，主说，伸冤在我。我必报应。
Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.

12:20    所以，你的仇敌若饿了，就给他吃。若渴了，就给他喝。因为陪这样行，就是把炭火堆在他的头上。
Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.

12:21    你不可为恶所胜，反要以善胜恶。
Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


13:1    在上有权柄的，人人当顺服他。因为没有权柄不是出于神的。凡掌权的都是神所命的。
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.

13:2    所以抗拒掌权的，就是抗拒神的命。抗拒的必自取刑罚
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.

13:3    作官的原不是叫行善的惧怕，乃是叫作恶的惧怕。你愿意不惧怕掌权的吗。你只要行善，就可得他的称赞。
For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:

13:4    因为他是神的用人，是与你有益的。你若作恶，却当惧怕。因为他不是空空的佩剑。他是神的用人，是伸冤的，刑罚那作恶的。
For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.

13:5    所以你们必须顺服，不但是因为刑罚，也是因为良心。
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.

13:6    你们纳粮，也为这缘故。因他们是神的差役，常常特管这事。
For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.

13:7    凡人所当得的，就给他。当得粮的，给他纳粮。当得税的，给他上税。当惧怕的，惧怕他。当恭敬的，恭敬他。
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.

13:8    凡事都不可亏欠人，惟有彼此相爱，要常以为亏欠。因为爱人的就完全了律法。
Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.

13:9    像那不可奸淫，不可杀人，不可偷盗，不可贪婪，或有别的诫命，都包在爱人如己这一句话之内了。
For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

13:10    爱是不加害与人的，所以爱就完全了律法。
Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.

13:11    再者，你们晓得现今就是该趁早睡醒的时候，因为我们得救，现今比初信的时候更近了。
And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.

13:12    黑夜已深，白昼将近。我们就当脱去暗昧的行为，带上光明的兵器。
The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.

13:13    行事为人要端正，好像行在白昼。不可荒宴醉酒。不可好色邪荡。不可争竞嫉妒。
Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.

13:14    总要披戴主耶稣基督，不要为肉体安排，去放纵私欲。
But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


14:1    信心软弱的，你们要接纳，但不要辩论所疑惑的事。
Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.

14:2    有人信百物都可吃。但那软弱的，只吃蔬菜。
For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs.

14:3    吃的人不可轻看不吃的人。不吃的人不可论断吃的人。因为神已经收纳他了。
Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him.

14:4    你是谁，竟论断别人的仆人呢。他或站住，或跌倒，自有他的主人在。而且他也必站住。因为主能使他站住。
Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand.

14:5    有人看这日比那日强，有人看日日都是一样。只是各人心里要意见坚定。
One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.

14:6    守日的人，是为主守的。吃的人，是为主吃的，因他感谢神。不吃的人，是为主不吃的，也感谢神。
He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.

14:7    我们没有一个人为自己活，也没有一个人为自己死。
For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.

14:8    我们若活着，是为主而活。若死了，是为主而死。所以我们或活或死，总是主的人。
For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's.

14:9    因此基督死了，又活了，为要作死人并活人的主。
For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.

14:10    你这个人，为什么论断弟兄呢。又为什么轻看弟兄呢。因为我们都要站在神的台前。
But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.

14:11    经上写着，主说，我凭着我的永生起誓，万膝必向我跪拜，万口必向我承认。
For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.

14:12    这样看来，我们各人必要将自己的事，在神面前说明。
So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.

14:13    所以我们不可再彼此论断。宁可定意谁也不给弟兄放下绊脚人之物。
Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way.

14:14    我凭着主耶稣确知深信，凡物本来没有不洁净的。惟独人以为不洁净的，在他就不洁净了。
I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean.

14:15    你若因食物叫弟兄忧愁，就不是按着爱人的道理行。基督已经替他死，你不可因你的食物叫他败坏。
But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died.

14:16    不可叫你的善被人毁谤。
Let not then your good be evil spoken of:

14:17    因为神的国，不在乎吃喝，只在乎公义，和平，并圣灵中的喜乐。
For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.

14:18    在这几样上服事基督的，就为神所喜悦，又为人所称许。
For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men.

14:19    所以我们务要追求和睦的事，与彼此建立德行的事。
Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.

14:20    不可因食物毁坏神的工程。凡物固然洁净，但有人因食物叫人跌倒，就是他的罪了。
For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.

14:21    无论是吃肉，是喝酒，是什么别的事，叫弟兄跌倒，一概不作才好。
It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor any thing whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak.

14:22    你有信心，就当在神面前守着。人在自己以为可行的事上，能不自责，就有福了。
Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth.

14:23    若有疑心而吃的，就必有罪。因为他吃，不是出于信心。凡不出于信心的都是罪。
And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


15:1    我们坚固的人，应当担代不坚固人的软弱，不求自己的喜悦。
We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.

15:2    我们各人务要叫邻舍喜悦，使他得益处，建立德行
Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification.

15:3    因为基督也不求自己的喜悦，如经上所记，辱骂你人的辱骂，都落在我身上。
For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me.

15:4    从前所写的圣经都是为教训我们写的，叫我们因圣经所生的忍耐和安慰，可以得着盼望。
For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.

15:5    但愿赐忍耐安慰的神，叫你们彼此同心，效法基督耶稣。
Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:

15:6    一心一口，荣耀神，我们主耶稣基督的父。
That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.

15:7    所以你们要彼此接纳，如同基督接纳你们一样，使荣耀归与神。
Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.

15:8    我说，基督是为神真理作了受割礼人的执事，要证实所应许列祖的话。
Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:

15:9    并叫外邦人，因他的怜悯，荣耀神。如经上所记，因此我要在外邦中称赞你，歌颂你的名。
And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name.

15:10    又说，你们外邦人，当与主的百姓一同欢乐。
And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people.

15:11    又说，外邦阿，你们当赞美主。万民哪，你们都当颂赞他。
And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people.

15:12    又有以赛亚说，将来有耶西的根，就是那兴起来要治理外邦的。外邦人要仰望他。
And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust.

15:13    但愿使人有盼望的神，因信将诸般的喜乐平安，充满你们的心，使你们藉着圣灵的能力，大有盼望。
Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.

15:14    弟兄们，我自己也深信你们是满有良善，充足了诸般的知识，也能彼此劝戒。
And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.

15:15    但我稍微放胆写给你们，是要题醒你们的记性，特因神所给我的恩典，
Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,

15:16    使我为外邦人作基督耶稣的仆役，作神福音的祭司，叫所献上的外邦人，因着圣灵，成为圣洁，可蒙悦纳。
That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost.

15:17    所以论到神的事我在基督耶稣里有可夸的。
I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.

15:18    除了基督藉我作的那些事，我什么都不敢题。只题他藉我言语作为，用神迹奇事的能力，并圣灵的能力，使外邦人顺服。
For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,

15:19    甚至我从耶路撒冷，直转到以利哩古，到处传了基督的福音。
Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.

15:20    我立了志向，不在基督的名被称过的地方传福音，免得建造在别人的根基上。
Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation:

15:21    就如经上所记，未曾闻知他信息的，将要看见。未曾听过的，将要明白。
But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.

15:22    我因多次被拦阻，总不得到你们那里去。
For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you.

15:23    但如今在这里再没有可传的地方，而且这好几年，我切心想望到西班牙去的时候，可以到你们那里。
But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;

15:24    盼望从你们那里经过，得见你们，先与你们彼此交往，心里稍微满足，然后蒙你们送行。
Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company.

15:25    但现在我往耶路撒冷去，供给圣徒。
But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints.

15:26    因为马其顿，和亚该亚人乐意凑出捐项，给耶路撒冷圣徒中的穷人。
For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.

15:27    这固然是他们乐意的。其实也算是所欠的债。因外邦人，既然在他们属灵的好处上有分，就当把养身之物供给他们
It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things.

15:28    等我辨完了这事，把这善果向他们交付明白，我就要路过你们那里，往西班牙去。
When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.

15:29    我也晓得去的时候，必带着基督丰盛的恩典而去。
And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.

15:30    弟兄们，我藉着我们主耶稣基督，又藉着圣灵的爱，劝你们与我一同竭力，为我祈求神。
Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me;

15:31    叫我脱离在犹太不顺从的人，也叫我为耶路撒冷所辨的捐项，可蒙圣徒悦纳。
That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;

15:32    并叫我顺着神的旨意，欢欢喜喜的到你们那里，与你们同得安息。
That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed.

15:33    愿赐平安的神，常和你们众人同在，阿们。
Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.



新约 -- 罗马书(Romans) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


16:1    我对你们举荐我们的姊妹非比，她是坚革哩教会中的女执事。
I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:

16:2    请你们为主接待她，合乎圣徒的体统。她在何事上，要你们帮助，你们就帮助她。因她素来帮助许多人，也帮助了我。
That ye receive her in the Lord, as becometh saints, and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you: for she hath been a succourer of many, and of myself also.

16:3    问百基拉和亚居拉安。他们在基督耶稣里与我同工，
Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:

16:4    也为我的命，将自己的颈项，置之度外。不但我感谢他们，就是外邦的众教会，也感谢他们。
Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles.

16:5    又问在他们家中的教会安。问我所亲爱的以拜尼土安。他在亚细亚是归基督初结的果子。
Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my well-beloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ.

16:6    又问马利亚安。她为你们多受劳苦。
Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us.

16:7    又问我亲属与我一同坐监的安多尼古和犹尼亚安。他们在使徒中是有名望的，也是比我先在基督里。
Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow-prisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.

16:8    又问我在主里面所亲爱的暗伯利安。
Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord.

16:9    又问在基督里与我们同工的耳巴奴，并我所亲爱的士大古安。
Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved.

16:10    又问在基督里经过试验的亚比利安。问亚利多布家里的人安。
Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household.

16:11    又问我亲属希罗天安。问拿其数家在主里的人安。
Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord.

16:12    又问为主劳苦的土非拿氏和土富撒氏安。问可亲爱为主多受劳苦的彼息氏安。
Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord.

16:13    又问在主蒙拣选的鲁孚和他母亲安。他的母亲就是我的母亲。
Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.

16:14    又问亚逊其土，弗勒干，黑米，八罗巴，黑马，并与他们在一处的弟兄们安。
Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them.

16:15    又问非罗罗古，和犹利亚，尼利亚，和他姊妹，同阿林巴，并与他们在一处的众圣徒安。
Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.

16:16    你们亲嘴问安，彼此务要圣洁。基督的众教会都问你们安。
Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.

16:17    弟兄们，那些离开你们，叫你们跌倒，背乎所学之道的人，我劝你们要留意躲避他们。
Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.

16:18    因为这样的人不服事我们的主基督，只服事自己的肚腹。用花言巧语，诱惑那些老实人的心。
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.

16:19    你们的顺服，已经传于众人，所以我为你们欢喜。但我愿意你们在善事上聪明，在恶上愚拙。
For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil.

16:20    赐平安的神，快要将撒但践踏在你们脚下。愿我主耶稣基督的恩，常和你们同在。
And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.

16:21    与我同工的提摩太，和我的亲属路求，耶孙，所西巴德，问你们安。
Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.

16:22    我这代笔写信的德丢，在主里面问你们安。
I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord.

16:23    那接待我，也接待全教会的该犹，问你们安。
Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother.

16:24    城内管银库的以拉都，和兄弟括土，问你们安。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

16:25    惟有神能照我传的福音，和所讲的耶稣基督，并照永古隐藏不言的奥秘，坚固你们的心。
Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,

16:26    这奥秘如今显明出来，而且按着永生神的命，藉众先知的书指示万国的民，使他们信服真道。
But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:

16:27    愿荣耀因耶稣基督归与独一全智的神，直到永远。阿们。
To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.





新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


1:1    奉神旨意，蒙召作耶稣基督使徒的保罗，同兄弟所提尼，
Paul, called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,

1:2    写信给在哥林多神的教会，就是在基督耶稣里成圣，蒙召作圣徒的，以及所有在各处求告我主耶稣基督之名的人。基督是他们的主，也是我们的主。
Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:

1:3    愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父，并主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:4    我常为你们感谢我的神，因神在基督耶稣里所赐给你们的恩惠。
I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;

1:5    又因你们在他里面凡事富足，口才知识都全备。
That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;

1:6    正如我为基督作的见证，在你们心里得以坚固。
Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:

1:7    以致你们在恩赐上没有一样不及人的。等候我们的主耶稣基督显现。
So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:

1:8    他也必坚固你们到底，叫你们在我们主耶稣基督的日子，无可责备。
Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.

1:9    神是信实的，你们原是被他所召，好与他儿子，我们的主耶稣基督，一同得分。
God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.

1:10    弟兄们，我藉我们主耶稣基督的名，劝你们都说一样的话。你们中间也不可分党。只要一心一意彼此相合。
Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.

1:11    因为革来氏家里的人，曾对我题起弟兄们来，说你们中间有分争。
For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.

1:12    我的意思就是你们各人说，我是属保罗的。我是属亚波罗的。我是属矶法的。我是属基督的。
Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.

1:13    基督是分开的吗。保罗为你们钉了十字架吗。你们是奉保罗的名受了洗吗。
Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?

1:14    我感谢神，除了基列司布并该犹以外，我没有给你们一个人施洗。
I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;

1:15    免得有人说，你们是奉我的名受洗。
Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.

1:16    我也给司提反家施过洗。此外给别人施洗没有，我却记不清。
And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.

1:17    基督差遣我，原不是为施洗，乃是为传福音。并不用智慧的言语，免得基督的十字架落了空。
For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.

1:18    因为十字架的道理，在那灭亡的人为愚拙。在我们得救的人却为神的大能。
For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.

1:19    就如经上所记，我要灭绝智慧人的智慧，废弃聪明人的聪明。
For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.

1:20    智慧人在那里文士在那里。这世上的辩士在那里。神岂不是叫这世上的智慧变成愚拙吗。
Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?

1:21    世人凭自己的智慧，既不认识神，神就乐意用人所当作愚拙的道理，拯救那些信的人。这就是神的智慧了。
For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.

1:22    犹太人是要神迹，希腊人是求智慧。
For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:

1:23    我们却是传钉十字架的基督，在犹太人为绊脚石，在外邦人为愚拙。
But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;

1:24    但在那蒙召的无论是犹太人，希腊人，基督总为神的能力，神的智慧。
But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.

1:25    因神的愚拙总比人智慧。神的软弱总比人强壮。
Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.

1:26    弟兄们哪，可见你们蒙召的，按着肉体有智慧的不多，有能力的不多，有尊贵的也不多。
For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:

1:27    神却拣选了世上愚拙的，叫有智慧的羞愧。又拣选了世上软弱的，叫那强壮的羞愧。
But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;

1:28    神也拣选了世上卑贱的，被人厌恶的，以及那无有的，为要废掉那有的。
And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:

1:29    使一切有血气的，在神面前一个也不能自夸。
That no flesh should glory in his presence.

1:30    但你们得在基督耶稣里，是本乎神，神又使他成为我们的智慧，公义，圣洁，救赎。
But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:

1:31    如经上所记，夸口的当指着主夸口。
That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


2:1    弟兄们，从前我到你们那里去，并没有用高言大智对你们宣传神的奥秘。
And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.

2:2    因为我曾定了主意，在你们中间不知道别的，只知道耶稣基督，并他钉十字架。
For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.

2:3    我在你们那里，又软弱，又惧怕，又甚战竞。
And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.

2:4    我说的话，讲的道，不是用智慧委婉的言语，乃是用圣灵和大能的明证。
And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:

2:5    叫你们的信不在乎人的智慧，只在乎神的大能。
That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.

2:6    然而在完全的人中，我们也讲智慧。但不是这世上的智慧，也不是这世上有权有位将要败亡之人的智慧。
Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:

2:7    我们讲的，乃是从前所隐藏，神奥秘的智慧，就是神在万世以前豫定使我们得荣耀的。
But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory:

2:8    这智慧世上有权有位的人没有一个知道的。他们若知道，就不把荣耀的主钉在十字架上了。
Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.

2:9    如经上所记，神为爱他的人所豫备的，是眼睛未曾看见，耳朵未曾听见，人心也未曾想到的。
But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.

2:10    只有神藉着圣灵向我们显明了。因为圣灵渗透万事，就是神深奥的事也渗透了。
But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.

2:11    除了在人里头的灵，谁知道人的事。像这样，除了神的灵，也没有人知道神的事。
For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.

2:12    我们所领受的，并不是世上的灵，乃是从神来的灵，叫我们能知道神开恩赐给我们的事。
Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.

2:13    并且我们讲说这些事，不是用人智慧所指教的言语，乃是用圣灵所指教的言语，将属灵的话，解释属灵的事。（或作将属灵的事讲与属灵的人）
Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.

2:14    然而属血气的人不领会神圣灵的事，反倒以为愚拙。并且不能知道，因为这些事惟有属灵的人才能看透。
But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.

2:15    属灵的人能看透万事，却没有一人能看透了他。
But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man.

2:16    谁曾知道主的心去教导他呢。但我们是有基督的心了。
For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


3:1    弟兄们，我从前对你们说话，不能把你们当作属灵的，只得把你们当作属肉体，在基督里为婴孩的。
And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.

3:2    我是用奶喂你们，没有用饭喂你们。那时你们不能吃，就是如今还是不能。
I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.

3:3    你们仍是属肉体的。因为在你们中间有嫉妒分争，这岂不是属乎肉体，照着世人的样子行吗。
For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?



3:4    有说，我是属保罗的。有说，我是属亚波罗的。这岂不是你们和世人一样吗。
For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?

3:5    亚波罗算什么。保罗算什么。无非是执事，照主所赐给他们各人的，引导你们相信。
Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?

3:6    我栽种了，亚波罗浇灌了。惟有神叫他生长。
I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.

3:7    可见栽种的算不得什么，浇灌的也算不得什么。只在那叫他生长的神。
So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.

3:8    栽种的和浇灌的都是一样。但将来各人要照自己的工夫，得自己的赏赐。
Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.

3:9    因为我们是与神同工的。你们是神所耕种的田地，所建造的房屋。
For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building.

3:10    我照神所给我的恩，好像一个聪明的工头，立好了根基，有别人在上面建造。只是各人要谨慎怎样在上面建造。
According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.

3:11    因为那已经立好的根基，就是耶稣基督，此外没有人能立别的根基。
For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.

3:12    若有人用金，银，宝石，草木，禾楷，在这根基上建造。
Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;

3:13    各人的工程必然显露。因为那日子要将他表明出来，有火发现。这火要试验各人的工程怎样。
Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.

3:14    人在那根基上所建造的工程，若存得住，他就要得赏赐。
If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.

3:15    人的工程若被烧了，他就要受亏损。自己却要得救。虽然得救乃像从火里经过的一样。
If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.

3:16    岂不知你们是神的殿，神的灵住在你们里头吗。
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?

3:17    若有人毁坏神的殿，神必要毁坏那人。因为神的殿是圣的，这殿就是你们。
If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.

3:18    人不可自欺。你们中间若有人，在这世界自以为有智慧，倒不如变作愚拙，好成为有智慧的。
Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.

3:19    因这世界的智慧，在神看是愚拙。如经上记着说，主叫有智慧的中了自己的诡计。
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.

3:20    又说，主知道智慧人的意念是虚妄的。
And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.

3:21    所以无论谁，都不可拿人夸口。因为万有全是你们的。
Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yours;

3:22    或保罗，或亚波罗，或矶法，或世界，或生，或死，或现今的事，或将来的事，全是你们的。
Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are yours;

3:23    并且你们是属基督的。基督又是属神的。
And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


4:1    人应当以我们为基督的执事，为神奥秘事的管家。
Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.

4:2    所求于管家的，是要他有忠心。
Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.

4:3    我被你们论断，或被别人论断，我都以为极小的事。连我自己也不论断自己。
But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self.

4:4    我虽不觉得自己有错，却也不能因此得以称义。但判断我的乃是主。
For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord.

4:5    所以时候未到，什么都不要论断，只等主来，他要照出暗中的隐情，显明人心的意念。那时各人要从神那里得着称赞。
Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God.

4:6    弟兄们，我为你们的缘故，拿这些事转比自己和亚波罗。叫你们效法我们不可过于圣经所记。免得你们自高自大，贵重这个，轻看那个。
And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another.

4:7    使你与人不同的是谁呢。你有什么不是领受的呢。若是领受的，为何自夸，彷佛不是领受的呢。
For who maketh thee to differ from another? and what hast thou that thou didst not receive? now if thou didst receive it, why dost thou glory, as if thou hadst not received it?

4:8    你们已经饱足了，已经丰富了，不用我们，自己就作王了。我愿意你们果真作王，叫我们也得与你们一同作王。
Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you.

4:9    我想神把我们使徒明明列在末后，好像定死罪的囚犯。因为我们成了一台戏，给世人和天使观看。
For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men.

4:10    我们为基督的缘故算是愚拙的，你们在基督里倒是聪明的，我们软弱，你们倒强壮。你们有荣耀，我们倒被藐视。
We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised.

4:11    直到如今，我们还是又饥又渴，又赤身露体，又挨打，又没有一定的住处。
Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;

4:12    并且劳苦，亲手作工，被人咒骂，我们就祝福。被人逼迫，我们就忍受。
And labour, working with our own hands: being reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we suffer it:

4:13    被人毁谤，我们就善劝。直到如今，人还把我们看作世界上的污秽，万物中的渣滓。
Being defamed, we intreat: we are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day.

4:14    我写这话，不是叫你们羞愧，乃是警戒你们，好像我所亲爱的儿女一样。
I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons I warn you.

4:15    你们学基督的，师傅虽有一万，为父的却是不多，因我在基督耶稣里用福音生了你们。
For though ye have ten thousand instructors in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel.

4:16    所以我求你们效法我。
Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me.

4:17    因此我已打发提摩太到你们那里去。他在主里面，是我所亲爱有忠心的儿子。他必题醒你们，记念我在基督里怎样行事，在各处各教会中怎样教导人。
For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church.

4:18    有些人自高自大，以为我不到你们那里去。
Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you.

4:19    然而主若许我，我必快到你们那里去。并且我所要知道的，不是那些自高自大之人的言语，乃是他们的权能。
But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power.

4:20    因为神的国不在乎言语，乃在乎权能。
For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.

4:21    你们愿意怎吗样呢。是愿意我带着刑杖到你们那里去呢，还是要我存慈爱温柔的心呢。
What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


5:1    风闻在你们中间有淫乱的事。这样的淫乱，连外邦人中也没有，就是有人收了他的继母。
It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife.

5:2    你们还是自高自大，并不哀痛，把行这事的人从你们中间赶出去。
And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you.

5:3    我身子虽不在你们那里，心却在你们那里，好像我亲自与你们同在，已经判断了行这事的人，
For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,

5:4    就是你们聚会的时候，我的心也同在，奉我们主耶稣的名，并用我们主耶稣的权能，
In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,

5:5    要把这样的人交给撒但，败坏他的肉体，使他的灵魂在主耶稣的日子可以得救。
To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.

5:6    你们这自夸是不好的。岂不知一点面酵能使全团发起来吗。
Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?

5:7    你们既是无酵的面，应当把旧酵除净，好使你们成为新团。因为我们逾越节的羔羊基督已经被杀献祭了。
Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:

5:8    所以，我们守这节不可用旧酵，也不可用恶毒（或作阴毒），邪恶的酵，只用诚实真正的无酵饼。
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.

5:9    我先前写信给你们说，不可与淫乱的人相交。
I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:

5:10    此话不是指这世上一概行淫乱的，或贪婪的，勒索的，或拜偶像的，若是这样，你们除非离开世界方可。
Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.

5:11    但如今我写信给你们说，若有称弟兄，是行淫乱的，或贪婪的，或拜偶像的，或辱骂的，或醉酒的，或勒索的。这样的人不可与他相交。就是与他吃饭都不可。
But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat.

5:12    因为审判教外的人与我何干。教内的人岂不是你们审判的吗。
For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?

5:13    至于外人有神审判他们。你们应当把那恶人从你们中间赶出去。
But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


6:1    你们中间有彼此相争的事，怎敢在不义的人面前求审，不在圣徒面前求审呢。
Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?

6:2    岂不知圣徒要审判世界吗。若世界为你们所审，难道你们不配审判这最小的事吗。
Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?



6:3    岂不知我们要审判天使吗。何况今生的事呢。
Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?

6:4    既是这样，你们若今生的事当审判，是派教会所轻看的人审判吗。
If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church.

6:5    我说这话，是要叫你们羞耻。难道你们中间没有一个智慧人，能审断弟兄们的事吗。
I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren?

6:6    你们竟是弟兄与弟兄告状，而且告在不信主的人面前。
But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers.

6:7    你们彼此告状，这已经是你们的大错了。为什么不情愿受欺呢。为什么不情愿吃亏呢。
Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?

6:8    你们倒是欺压人，亏负人，况且所欺压，所亏负的就是弟兄。
Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren.

6:9    你们岂不知不义的人不能承受神的国吗。不要自欺。无论是淫乱的，拜偶像的，奸淫的，作娈童的，亲男色的，
Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,

6:10    偷窃的，贪婪的，醉酒的，辱骂的，勒索的，都不能承受神的国。
Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.

6:11    你们中间也有人从前是这样。但如今你们奉主耶稣基督的名，并藉着神的灵，已经洗净，成圣称义了。
And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.

6:12    凡事我都可行。但不都有益处。凡事我都可行，但无论那一件，我总不受他的辖制。
All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.

6:13    食物是为肚腹，肚腹是为食物。但神要叫这两样都废坏。身子不是为淫乱，乃是为主。主也是为身子。
Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body.

6:14    并且神已经叫主复活，也要用自己的能力叫我们复活。
And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power.

6:15    岂不知你们的身子是基督的肢体吗。我可以将基督的肢体作为娼妓的肢体吗。断乎不可。
Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid.

6:16    岂不知与娼妓联合的，便是与他成为一体吗。因为主说，二人要成为一体。
What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh.

6:17    但与主联合的，便是与主成为一灵。
But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.

6:18    你们要逃避淫行。人所犯的，无论什么罪，都在身子以外。惟有行淫的，是得罪自己的身子。
Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.

6:19    岂不知你们的身子就是圣灵的殿吗。这圣灵是从神而来，住在你们里头的。并且你们不是自己的人。
What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?

6:20    因为你们是重价买来的。所以要在你们的身子荣耀神。
For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


7:1    论到你们信上所题的事，我说男不近女倒好。
Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.

7:2    但要免淫乱的事，男人当各有自己的妻子，女子也当各有自己的丈夫。
Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband.

7:3    丈夫当用合宜之分待妻子，妻子待丈夫也要如此。
Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband.

7:4    妻子没有权柄主张自己的身子，乃在丈夫。丈夫也没有权柄主张自己的身子，乃在妻子。
The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.

7:5    夫妻不可彼此亏负，除非两相情愿，暂时分房，为要专心祷告方可，以后仍要同房，免得撒但趁着你们情不自禁，引诱你们。
Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.

7:6    我说这话，原是准你们的，不是命你们的。
But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.

7:7    我愿意众人像我一样。只是各人领受神的恩赐，一个是这样，一个是那样。
For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.

7:8    我对着没有嫁娶的和寡妇说，若他们常像我就好。
I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I.

7:9    倘若自己禁止不住，就可以嫁娶。与其欲火攻心，倒不如嫁娶为妙。
But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.

7:10    至于那已经嫁娶的，我吩咐他们，其实不是我吩咐，乃是主吩咐，说，妻子不可离开丈夫。
And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:

7:11    若是离开了，不可再嫁。或是同丈夫和好。丈夫也不可离弃妻子。
But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.

7:12    我对其馀的人说，不是主说，倘若某弟兄有不信的妻子，妻子也情愿和他住，他就不要离弃妻子。
But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.

7:13    妻子有不信的丈夫，丈夫也情愿和他同住，他就不要离弃丈夫。
And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.

7:14    因为不信的丈夫，就因着妻子成了圣洁。并且不信的妻子，就因着丈夫成了圣洁。（丈夫原文作弟兄）不然，你们的儿女就不洁净。但如今他们是圣洁的了。
For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.

7:15    倘若那不信的人要离去，就由他离去吧。无论是弟兄，是姐妹，遇着这样的事，都不必拘束。神召我们原是要我们和睦。
But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace.

7:16    你这作妻子的，怎吗知道不能救你的丈夫呢。你这作丈夫的，怎吗知道不能救你的妻子呢。
For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?

7:17    只要照主所分给各人的，和神所召各人的而行。我吩咐各教会都是这样。
But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called every one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches.

7:18    有人已受割礼蒙召呢，就不要废割礼。有人未受割礼蒙召呢，就不要受割礼。
Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.



7:19    受割礼算不得什么，不受割礼也算不得什么。只要守神的诫命就是了。
Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.

7:20    各人蒙召的时候是什么身分，仍要守住这身分。
Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.

7:21    你是作奴隶蒙召的吗，不要因此忧虑。若能以自由，就求自由更好。
Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather.

7:22    因为作奴仆蒙召于主的，就是主所释放的人。作自由之人蒙召的，就是基督的奴仆。
For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant.

7:23    你们是重价买来的。不要作人的奴仆。
Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men.

7:24    弟兄们，你们各人蒙召的时候是什么身分，仍要在神面前守住这身分。
Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.

7:25    论到童身的人，我没有主的命令，但我既蒙主怜恤，能作忠心的人，就把自己的意见告诉你们
Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my judgment, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful.

7:26    因现今的艰难，据我看来，人不如守素安常才好。
I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be.

7:27    你有妻子缠着呢，就不要求脱离。你没有妻子缠着呢，就不要求妻子。
Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek not a wife.

7:28    你若娶妻，并不是犯罪。处女若出嫁，也不是犯罪。然而这等人肉身必受苦难。我却愿意你们免这苦难。
But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you.

7:29    弟兄们，我对你们说，时候减少了。从此以后，那有妻子的，要像没有妻子。
But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;

7:30    哀哭的，要像不哀哭。快乐的，要像不快乐。置买的，要像无有所得。
And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;

7:31    用世物的，要像不用世物。因为这世界的样子将要过去了。
And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passeth away.

7:32    我愿你们无所挂虑。没有娶妻的，是为主的事挂虑，想怎样叫主喜悦。
But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:

7:33    娶了妻的，是为世上的事挂虑，想怎样叫妻子喜悦。
But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife.

7:34    妇人和处女也有分别。没有出嫁的，是为主的事挂虑，要身体灵魂都圣洁。已经出嫁的，是为世上的事挂虑，想要怎样叫丈夫喜悦。
There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband.

7:35    我说这话，是为你们的益处。不是要牢笼你们，乃是要叫你们行合宜的事，得以殷勤服事主，没有分心的事。
And this I speak for your own profit; not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction.

7:36    若有人以为自己待他的女儿不合宜，女儿也过了年岁，事又当行，他就可随意办理，不算有罪，叫二人成亲就是了。
But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry.

7:37    倘若人心里坚定，没有不得己的事，并且由得自己作主，心里又决定了留下女儿不出嫁，如此行也好。
Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, but hath power over his own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doeth well.

7:38    这样看来，叫自己的女儿出嫁是好。不叫他出嫁更好。
So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doeth better.

7:39    丈夫活着的时候，妻子是被约束的。丈夫若死了，妻子就可以自由，随意再嫁。只是要嫁这在主里面的人。
The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord.

7:40    然而按我的意见，若常守节更有福气。我也想自己是被神的灵感动了。
But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


8:1    论到祭偶像之物，我们晓得我们都有知识。但知识是叫人自高自大，惟有爱心能造就人。
Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.

8:2    若有人以为自己知道什么，按他所当知道的，他仍是不知道。
And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know.

8:3    若有人爱神，这人乃是神所知道的。
But if any man love God, the same is known of him.

8:4    论到吃祭偶像之物，我们知道偶像在世上算不得什么。也知道神只有一位，再没有别的神。
As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one.

8:5    虽有称为神的，或在天，或在地。就如那许多的神，许多的主。
For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)

8:6    然而我们只有一位神，就是父，万物都本于他，我们也归于他。并有一位主，就是耶稣基督，万物都是藉着他有的，我们也是藉着他有的。
But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.

8:7    但人不都有这等知识。有人到如今因拜惯了偶像，就以为所吃的是祭偶像之物。他们的良心既然软弱，也就污秽了。
Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled.

8:8    其实食物不能叫神看中我们。因为我们不吃也无损，吃也无益。
But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse.

8:9    只是你们要谨慎，恐怕你们这自由，竟成了那软弱人的绊脚石。
But take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumblingblock to them that are weak.

8:10    若有人见你这有知识的，在偶像的庙里坐席，这人的良心若是软弱，岂不放胆去吃那祭偶像之物吗。
For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;

8:11    因此，基督为他死的那软弱弟兄，也就因你的知识沉伦了。
And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?

8:12    你们这样得罪弟兄们，伤了他们软弱的良心，就是得罪基督。
But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ.

8:13    所以食物若叫我弟兄跌倒，我就永远不吃肉，免得叫我弟兄跌倒了。
Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


9:1    我不是自由的吗。我不是使徒吗。我不是见过我们的主耶稣吗。你们不是我在主里面所作之工吗。
Am I not an apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? are not ye my work in the Lord?

9:2    假若在别人我不是使徒，在你们我总是使徒。因为你们在主里正是我作使徒的印证
If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless I am to you: for the seal of mine apostleship are ye in the Lord.

9:3    我对那磐问我的人，就是这样分诉。
Mine answer to them that do examine me is this,

9:4    难道我们没有权柄靠福音吃喝吗。
Have we not power to eat and to drink?

9:5    难道我们没有权柄娶信主的姊妹为妻，带着一同往来，彷佛其馀的使徒，和主的弟兄，并矶法一样吗。
Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?

9:6    独有我与巴拿巴没有权柄不作工吗。
Or I only and Barnabas, have not we power to forbear working?

9:7    有谁当兵，自备粮饷呢。有谁栽葡萄园，不吃园里的果子呢。有谁牧养牛羊，不吃牛羊的奶呢。
Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milk of the flock?

9:8    我说这话，岂是照人的意见。律法不也是这样说吗。
Say I these things as a man? or saith not the law the same also?

9:9    就如摩西的律法记着说，牛在场上踹谷的时候，不可笼住它的嘴。难道神所挂念的是牛吗。
For it is written in the law of Moses, Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn. Doth God take care for oxen?

9:10    不全是为我们说的吗。分明是为我们说的。因为耕种的当存着指望去耕种。打场的也当存得粮的指望去打场。
Or saith he it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is written: that he that ploweth should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope.

9:11    我们若把属灵的种子撒在你们中间，就是从你们收割奉养肉身之物，这还算大事吗。
If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?

9:12    若别人在你们身上有这权柄，何况我们呢。然而我们没有用过这权柄，倒凡事忍受，免得基督的福音被阻隔。
If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.

9:13    你们岂不知为圣事劳碌的，就吃殿中的物吗。伺候祭坛的，就分领坛上的物吗。
Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?

9:14    主也这样命定，叫传福音的靠福音养生。
Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel.

9:15    但这权柄我全没有用过。我写这话，并非要你们这样待我。因为我宁可死，也不叫人使我所夸的落了空。
But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void.

9:16    我传福音原没有可夸的。因为我是不得已的。若不传福音，我便有祸了。
For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!

9:17    我若甘心作这事，就有赏赐。若不甘心，责任却已经托付我了。
For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me.

9:18    既是这样，我的赏赐是什么呢。就是我传福音的时候，叫人不花钱得福音，免得用尽我传福音的权柄。
What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel.

9:19    我虽是自由的，无人辖管，然而我甘心作了众人的仆人，为要多得人。
For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more.

9:20    向犹太人，我就作犹太人，为要得犹太人。向律法以下的人，我虽不在律法以下，还是作律法以下的人，为要得律法以下的人。
And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;

9:21    向没有律法的人，我就作没有律法的人，为要得没有律法的人。其实我在神面前，不是没有律法，在基督面前，正在律法之下。
To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law.

9:22    向软弱的人，我就作软弱的人，为要得软弱的人。向什么样的人，我就作什么样的人。无论如何，总要救些人。
To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some.

9:23    凡我所行的，都是为福音的缘故，为要与人同的这福音的好处。
And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you.

9:24    岂不知在场上赛跑的都跑，但得奖赏的只有一人。你们也当这样跑，好叫你们得着奖赏。
Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.

9:25    凡较力争胜的，诸事都有节制。他们不过是要得能坏的冠冕。我们却是要得不能坏的冠冕。
And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible.

9:26    所以我奔跑，不像无定向的。我斗拳，不像打空气的。
I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air:

9:27    我是攻克己身，叫身服我。恐怕我传福音给别人，自己反被弃绝了。
But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


10:1    弟兄们，我不愿意你们不晓得，我们的祖宗从前都在云下，都从海中经过。
Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;

10:2    都在云里海里受洗归了摩西。
And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;

10:3    并且都吃了一样的灵食。
And did all eat the same spiritual meat;

10:4    也都喝了一样的灵水。所喝的是出于随着他们的灵磐石。那磐石就是基督。
And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.

10:5    但他们中间，多半是神不喜欢的人。所以在旷野倒毙。
But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness.

10:6    这些事都是我们的监戒，叫我们不要贪恋恶事，像他们那样贪恋的。
Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted.

10:7    也不要拜偶像，像他们有人拜的。如经上所记，百姓坐下吃喝，起来玩耍。
Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.

10:8    我们也不要行奸淫，像他们有人行的，一天就倒毙了二万三千人。
Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand.

10:9    也不要试探主，（主有古卷作基督）像他们有人试探的，就被蛇所灭。
Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents.

10:10    你们也不要发怨言，像他们有发怨言的，就被灭命的所灭。
Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer.

10:11    他们遭遇这些事，都要作为监戒。并且写在经上，正是警戒我们这末世的人。
Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.

10:12    所以自己以为站得稳的，须要谨慎，免得跌倒。
Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.

10:13    你们所遇见的试探，无非是人所能受的。神是信实的，必不叫你们受试探过于所能受的。在受试探的时候，总要给你们开一条出路，叫你们能忍受得住。
There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.

10:14    我所亲爱的弟兄阿，你们要逃避拜偶像的事。
Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.

10:15    我好像对明白人说的，你们要审察我的话。
I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say.

10:16    我们所祝福的杯，岂不是同领基督的血吗。我们所擘开的饼，岂不是同领基督的身体吗。
The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?

10:17    我们虽多，仍是一个饼，一个身体。因为我们都是分受这一个饼。
For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread.

10:18    你们看属肉体的以色列人。那吃祭物的，岂不是在祭坛上有分吗。
Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?

10:19    我是怎样说呢。岂是说祭偶像之物算得什么呢。或说偶像算得什么呢。
What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?

10:20    我乃是说，外邦人所献的祭，是祭鬼，不是祭神。我不愿意你们与鬼相交。
But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils.

10:21    你们不能喝主的杯，又喝鬼的杯。不能吃主的筵席，又吃鬼的筵席。
Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.

10:22    我们可惹主的愤恨吗。我们比他还有能力吗。
Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?

10:23    凡事都可行。但不都有益处。凡事都可行。但不都造就人
All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not.

10:24    无论何人，不要求自己的益处，乃要求别人的益处。
Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth.

10:25    凡市上所卖的，你们只管吃，不要为良心的缘故问什么话。
Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:

10:26    因为地和其中所充满的，都属乎主。
For the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof.

10:27    倘有一个不信的请你们赴席，你们若愿意去，凡摆在你们面前的，只管吃，不要为良心的缘故问什么话。
If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake.

10:28    若有人对你说，这是献过祭的物，就要为那告诉你们的人，并为良心的缘故，不吃。
But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof:

10:29    我说的良心，不是你的，乃是他的。我这自由，为什么被别人的良心论断呢。
Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience?

10:30    我若谢恩而吃，为什么因我谢恩的物被人毁谤呢。
For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?

10:31    所以你们或吃或喝，无论作什么，都要荣耀神而行。
Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.

10:32    不拘是犹太人，是希腊人，是神的教会，你们都不要使他跌倒。
Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:

10:33    就好像我凡事都叫众人喜欢，不求自己的益处，只求众人的益处，叫他们得救。
Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


11:1    你们该效法我，像我效法基督一样。
Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ.

11:2    我称赞你们，因你们凡事记念我，又坚守我所传给你们的。
Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you.

11:3    我愿意你们知道，基督是各人的头。男人是女人的头，神是基督的头。
But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God.

11:4    凡男人祷告或是讲道（讲道或作说预言下同），若蒙着头，就是羞辱自己的头。
Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonoureth his head.

11:5    凡女人祷告或讲道，若不蒙着头，就羞辱自己的头。因为这就如同剃了头发一样。
But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.

11:6    女人若不蒙着头，就该剪了头发。女人若以剪发剃发为羞愧，就该蒙着头。
For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered.

11:7    男人本不该蒙着头，因为他是神的形像和荣耀，但女人是男人的荣耀。
For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man.

11:8    起初，男人不是由女人而出。女人乃是由男人而出。
For the man is not of the woman; but the woman of the man.

11:9    并且男人不是为女人造的。女人乃是为男人造的。
Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.

11:10    因此，女人为天使的缘故，应当在头上有服权柄的记号。
For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels.

11:11    然而照主的安排，女也不是无男，男也不是无女。
Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord.

11:12    因为女人原是由男人而出，男人也是由女人而出。但万有都是出乎神。
For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God.

11:13    你们自己审察，女人祷告神，不蒙着头，是合宜的吗。
Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?

11:14    你们的本性不也指示你们，男人若有长头发，便是他的羞辱吗。
Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him?

11:15    但女人有长头发，乃是他的荣耀。因为这头发是给他作盖头的。
But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.

11:16    若有人想要辩驳，我们却没有这样的规矩К神的众教会也是没有的。
But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God.

11:17    我现今吩咐你们的话，不是称赞你们。因为你们聚会不是受益，乃是招损。
Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse.

11:18    第一，我听说你们聚会的时候，彼此分门别类。我也稍微的信这话。
For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it.

11:19    在你们中间不免有分门结党的事，好叫那些有经验的人，显明出来。
For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.

11:20    你们聚会的时候，算不得吃主的晚餐。
When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper.

11:21    因为吃的时候，各人先吃自己的饭，甚至这个肌饿，那个酒醉。
For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken.

11:22    你们要吃喝，难道没有家吗。还是藐视神的教会，叫那没有的羞愧呢。我向你们可怎吗说呢。可因此称赞你们吗。我不称赞。
What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not.

11:23    我当日传给你们的，原是从主领受的，就是主耶稣被卖的那一夜，拿起饼来，
For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:

11:24    祝谢了，就擘开，说，这是我的身体，为你们舍的（舍有古卷作擘开）。你们应当如此行，为的是记念我。
And when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me.

11:25    饭后，也照样拿起杯来，说，这杯是用我的血所立的新约。你们每逢喝的时候，要如此行，为的是记念我。
After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me.

11:26    你们每逢吃这饼，喝这杯，是表明主的死，直等到他来。
For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come.

11:27    所以无论何人，不按理吃主的饼，喝主的杯，就是干犯主的身主的血了。
Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.

11:28    人应当自己省察，然后吃这饼，喝这杯。
But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup.

11:29    因为人吃喝，若不分辨是主的身体，就是吃喝自己的罪了。
For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.

11:30    因此，在你们中间有好些软弱的，与患病的，死的也不少（死原文作睡）。
For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.

11:31    我们若是先分辨自己，就不至于受审。
For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged.

11:32    我们受审的时候，乃是被主惩治。免得我们和世人一同定罪。
But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world.

11:33    所以我弟兄们，你们聚会吃的时候，要彼此等待。
Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another.

11:34    若有人肌饿，可以在家里先吃。免得你们聚会自己取罪。其馀的事，我来的时候再安排。
And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


12:1    弟兄们，论到属灵的恩赐，我不愿意你们不明白。
Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.

12:2    你们作外邦人的时候，随事被牵引受迷惑，去服事那哑吧偶像。这是你们知道的。
Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led.

12:3    所以我告诉你们，被神的灵感动的，没有说耶稣是可咒诅的。若不是被圣灵感动的，也没有能说耶稣是主的。
Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.

12:4    恩赐原有分别，圣灵却是一位。
Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.

12:5    职事也有分别，主却是一位。
And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.

12:6    功用也有分别，神却是一位，在众人里面运行一切的事。
And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.

12:7    圣灵显在各人身上，是叫人得益处。
But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.

12:8    这人蒙圣灵赐他智慧的言语。那人也蒙这位圣灵赐他知识的言语。
For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;

12:9    又有一人蒙这位圣灵赐他信心。还有一人蒙这位圣灵赐他医病的恩赐。
To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;

12:10    又有一人能行异能。又叫一人能作先知。又叫一人能辨别诸灵。又叫一人能说方言。又叫一人能翻方言。
To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:

12:11    这一切都是这位圣灵所运行，随己意分给各人的。
But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.

12:12    就如身子是一个，却有许多肢体。而且肢体虽多，仍是一个身子。基督也是这样。
For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.

12:13    我们不拘是犹太人，是希腊人，是为奴的，是自主的，都从一位圣灵受洗，成了一个身体。饮于一位圣灵。
For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

12:14    身子原不是一个肢体，乃是许多肢体。
For the body is not one member, but many.

12:15    设若脚说，我不是手，所以不属乎身子。他不能因此就不属乎身子。
If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?

12:16    设若耳说，我不是眼，所以不属乎身子。他也不能因此就不属乎身子。
And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?

12:17    若全身是眼，从那里听声呢。若全身是耳，从那里闻味呢。
If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?

12:18    但如今神随自己的意思，把肢体俱各安排在身上。
But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him.

12:19    若都是一个肢体，身子在那里呢。
And if they were all one member, where were the body?

12:20    但如今肢体是多的，身子却是一个。
But now are they many members, yet but one body.

12:21    眼不能对手说，我用不着你。头也不能对脚说，我用不着你。
And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.

12:22    不但如此，身上肢体人以为软弱的，更是不可少的。
Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:

12:23    身上肢体，我们看为不体面的，越发给他加上体面。不俊美的，越发得着俊美。
And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness.

12:24    我们俊美的肢体，自然用不着装饰。但神配搭这身子，把加倍的体面给那有缺欠的肢体。
For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked:

12:25    免得身上分门别类。总要肢体彼此相顾。
That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.

12:26    若一个肢体受苦，所有的肢体就一同受苦。若一个肢体得荣耀，所有的肢体就一同快乐。
And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it.

12:27    你们就是基督的身子，并且各作肢体。
Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.

12:28    神在教会所设立的，第一是使徒。第二是先知，第三是教师。其次是行异能的。再次是得恩赐医病的。帮助人的。治理事的。说方言的。
And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

12:29    岂都是使徒吗。岂都是先知吗。岂都是教师吗。岂都是行异能的吗。
Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles?

12:30    岂都是得恩赐医病的吗。岂都是说方言的吗。岂都是翻方言的吗。
Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?

12:31    你们要切切的求那更大的恩赐，我现今把最妙的道指示你们。
But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


13:1    我若能说万人的方言，并天使的话语却没有爱，我就成了呜的锣，响的钹一般。
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.

13:2    我若有先知讲道之能，也明白各样的奥秘，各样的知识。而且有全备的信，叫我能够移山，却没有爱，我就算不得什么。
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.

13:3    我若将所有的周济穷人，又舍己身叫人焚烧，却没有爱，仍然与我无益。
And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.

13:4    爱是恒久忍耐，又有恩慈。爱是不嫉妒。爱是不自夸。不张狂。
Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,

13:5    不作害羞的事。不求自己的益处。不轻易发怒。不计算人的恶。
Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;

13:6    不喜欢不义。只喜欢真理。
Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth;

13:7    凡事包容。凡事相信。凡事盼望。凡事忍耐。
Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.

13:8    爱是永不止息。先知讲道之能，终必归于无有。说方言之能，终必停止，知识也终必归于无有。
Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.

13:9    我们现在所知道的有限，先知所讲的也有限。
For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.

13:10    等那完全的来到，这有限的必归于无有了。
But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.

13:11    我作孩子的时候，话语像孩子，心思像孩子，意念像孩子。既成了人，就把孩子的事丢弃了。
When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things.

13:12    我们如今彷佛对着镜子观看，馍糊不清。（馍糊不清原文作如同谜）到那时，到那时，就要面对面了。我如今所知道的有限。到那时就全知道，如同主知道我一样。
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.

13:13    如今常存的有信，有望，有爱，这三样，其中最大的是爱。
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


14:1    你们要追求爱，也要切慕属灵的恩赐，其中更要羡慕的，是作先知讲道。（原文作是说预言下同）
Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy.

14:2    那说方言的，原不是对人说，乃是对神说。因为没有人听出来。然而他在心灵里，却是讲说各样的奥秘。
For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries.

14:3    但作先知讲道的，是对人说，要造就，安慰，劝勉人。
But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort.

14:4    说方言的，是造就自己。作先知讲道的，乃是造就教会。
He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church.

14:5    我愿意你们都说方言。更愿意你们作先知讲道。因为说方言的，若不翻出来，使教会被造就，那作先知讲道的，就比他强了。
I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.

14:6    弟兄们，我到你们那里去，若只说方言，不用启示，或知识，或预言，或教训，给你们讲解，我与你们有什么益处呢。
Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?

14:7    就是那有声无气的物，或箫，或琴，若发出来的声音，没有分别，怎能知道所吹所弹的是什么呢。
And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?

14:8    若吹无定的号声，谁能豫备打仗呢。
For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?

14:9    你们也是如此，舌头若不说容易明白的话，怎能知道所说的是什么呢。这就是向空说话了。
So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.

14:10    世上的声音，或者甚多，却没有一样是无意思的。
There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.

14:11    我若不明白那声音的意思，这说话的人必以我为化外之人，我也以他为化外之人。
Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me.

14:12    你们也是如此。既是切慕属灵的恩赐，就当求多得造就教会的恩赐。
Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church.

14:13    所以那说方言的，就当求着能翻出来。
Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret.

14:14    我若用方言祷告，是我的灵祷告。但我的悟性没有果效。
For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful.

14:15    这却怎吗说呢。我要用灵祷告，也要用悟性祷告。我要用灵歌唱，也要用悟性歌唱。
What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also.

14:16    不然，你用灵祝谢，那在座不通方言的人，既然不明白你的话，怎能在你感谢的时候说阿们呢。
Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest?

14:17    你感谢的固然是好，无奈不能造就别人。
For thou verily givest thanks well, but the other is not edified.

14:18    我感谢神，我说方言比你们众人还多。
I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:

14:19    但在教会中，宁可用悟性说五句教导人的话，强如说万句方言。
Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.

14:20    弟兄们，在心志上不要作小孩子。然而在恶事上要作婴孩。在心志上总要作大人。
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men.

14:21    律法上记着，主说，我要用外邦人的舌头，和外邦人的嘴唇，向这百姓说话。虽然如此，他们还是不听从我。
In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, saith the LORD.

14:22    这样看来，说方言，不是为信的人作证据，乃是为不信的人。作先知讲道，不是为不信的人作证据，乃是为信的人。
Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.

14:23    所以全教会聚在一处的时候，若都说方言，偶然有不通方言的，或是不信的人进来，岂不说你们癫狂了吗。
If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?

14:24    若都作先知讲道，偶然有不信的，或是不通方言的人进来，就被众人劝醒，被众人审明。
But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:

14:25    他心里的隐情显露出来，就必将脸伏地，敬拜神，说神真是在你们中间了。
And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.

14:26    弟兄们，这却怎吗样呢。你们聚会的时候，各人或有诗歌，或有教训，或有启示，或有方言，或有翻出来的话。凡事都当造就人。
How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying.

14:27    若有说方言的，只好两个人，至多三个人，且要轮流说，也要一个人翻出来。
If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.

14:28    若没有人翻，就当在会中闭口。只对自己和神说，就是了。
But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.

14:29    至于作先知讲道的，只好两个人，或是三个人，其馀的就当慎思明辨。
Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge.

14:30    若旁边坐着的得了启示，那先说话的就当闭口不言。
If any thing be revealed to another that sitteth by, let the first hold his peace.

14:31    因为你们都可以一个一个的作先知讲道，叫众人学道理，叫众人得劝勉。
For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.

14:32    先知的灵，原是顺服先知的。
And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets.

14:33    因为神不是叫人混乱，乃是叫人安静。
For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.

14:34    妇女在会中要闭口不言，像在圣徒的众教会一样。因为不准他们说话。他们总要顺服，正如律法所说的。
Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law.

14:35    他们若要学什么，可以在家里问自己的丈夫。因为妇女在会中说话原是可耻的。
And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.

14:36    神的道理，岂是从你们出来吗。岂是单临到你们吗。
What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?

14:37    若有人以为自己是先知或是属灵的，就该知道，我所写给你们的是主的命令。
If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord.

14:38    若有不知道的，就由他不知道吧。
But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant.

14:39    所以我弟兄们，你们要切慕作先知讲道，也不要禁止说方言。
Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues.

14:40    凡事都要规规矩矩的按着次序行。
Let all things be done decently and in order.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　　


15:1    弟兄们，我如今把先前所传给你们的福音，告诉你们知道，这福音你们也领受了，又靠着站立得住。
Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;

15:2    并且你们若不是徒然相信，能以持守我所传给你们的，就必因这福音得救。
By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.

15:3    我当日所领受又传给你们的，第一，就是基督照圣经所说，为我们的罪死了。
For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;

15:4    而且埋葬了。又照圣经所说，第三天复活了。
And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:

15:5    并且显给矶法看。然后显给十二使徒看。
And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:

15:6    后来一时显给五百多弟兄看，其中一大半到如今还在，却也有已经睡了的。
After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep.

15:7    以后显给雅各看。再显给众使徒看。
After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles.

15:8    末了也显给我看。我如同未到产期而生的人一般。
And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time.

15:9    我原是使徒中最小的，不配称为使徒，因为我从前逼迫神的教会。
For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.

15:10    然而我今日成了何等人，是蒙神的恩才成的。并且他所赐我的恩，不是徒然的。我比众使徒格外劳苦。这原不是我，乃是神的恩与我同在。
But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.

15:11    不拘是我是众使徒，我们如此传，你们也如此信了。
Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed.

15:12    既传基督是从死里复活了，怎吗在你们中间，有人说没有死人复活的事呢。
Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?

15:13    若没有死人复活的事，基督也就没有复活了。
But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen:

15:14    若基督没有复活，我们所传的便是枉然，你们所信的也是枉然。
And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.

15:15    并且明显我们是为神妄作见证的。因我们见证神是叫基督复活了。若死人真不复活，神也没有叫基督复活了。
Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not.

15:16    因为死人若不复活，基督也没有复活了。
For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:

15:17    基督若没有复活，你们的信便是徒然。你们仍在罪里。
And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins.

15:18    就是在基督里睡了的人也灭亡了。
Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.

15:19    我们若靠基督，只在今生有指望，就算比众人更可怜。
If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable.

15:20    但基督已经从死里复活，成为睡了之人初熟的果子。
But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept.

15:21    死既是因一人而来，死人复活也是因一人而来。
For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead.

15:22    在亚当里众人都死了。照样，在基督里众人也都要复活。
For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.

15:23    但各人是按着自己的次序复活。初熟的果子是基督。以后在他来的时候，是那些属基督的。
But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that are Christ's at his coming.

15:24    再后末期到了，那时，基督既将一切执政的，掌权的，有能的，都毁灭了，就把国交与父神。
Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power.

15:25    因为基督必要作王，等神把一切仇敌，都放在他的脚下。
For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under his feet.

15:26    尽末了所毁灭的仇敌，就是死。
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.

15:27    因为经上说，神叫万物都服在他的脚下。既说万物都服了他，明显那叫万物服他的不在其内了。
For he hath put all things under his feet. But when he saith all things are put under him, it is manifest that he is excepted, which did put all things under him.

15:28    万物既服了他，那时，子也要自己服那叫万物服他的，叫神在万物之上，为万物之主。
And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all.

15:29    不然那些为死人受洗的，将来怎样呢。若死人总不复活，因何为他们受洗呢。
Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?

15:30    我们又因何时刻冒险呢。
And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?

15:31    弟兄们，我在主基督耶稣里，指着你们所夸的口，极力的说，我是天天冒死。
I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our LORD, I die daily.

15:32    我若当日像寻常人，在以弗所同野兽战斗，那于我有什么益处呢。若死人不复活，我们就吃吃喝喝吧。因为明天要死了。
If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantageth it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die.

15:33    你们不要自欺。滥交是败坏善行。
Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.

15:34    你们要醒悟为善，不要犯罪。因为有人不认识神。我说这话，是要叫你们羞愧。
Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame.

15:35    或有人问，死人怎样复活。带着什么身体来呢。
But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?

15:36    无知的人哪，你所种的，若不死就不能生。
Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, except it die:

15:37    并且你所种的，不是那将来的形体，不过是子粒，既如麦子，或是别样的谷。
And that which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain:



15:38    但神随自己的意思，给他一个形体，并叫各等子粒，各有自己的形体。
But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body.

15:39    凡肉体各有不同。人是一样，兽又是一样，鸟又是一样，鱼又是一样。
All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of birds.

15:40    有天上的形体，也有地上的形体。但天上形体的荣光是一样，地上形体的荣光又是一样。
There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.

15:41    日有日的荣光，月有月的荣光，星有星的荣光。这星和那星的荣光，也有分别。
There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory.

15:42    死人复活也是这样。所种的是必朽坏的，复活的是不朽坏的。
So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption:

15:43    所种的是羞辱的，复活的是荣耀的。所种的是软弱的，复活的是强壮的。
It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power:

15:44    所种的是血气的身体，复活的是灵性的身体。若有血气的身体，也必有灵性的身体。
It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.

15:45    经上也是这样记着说，首先的人亚当，成了有灵的活人。（灵或作血气）末后的亚当，成了叫人活的灵。
And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit.

15:46    但属灵的不在先，属血气的在先。以后才有属灵的。
Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual.

15:47    头一个人是出于地，乃属土。第二个人是出于天。
The first man is of the earth, earthy: the second man is the Lord from heaven.

15:48    那属土的怎样，凡属土的也就怎样。属天的怎样，凡属天的也就怎样。
As is the earthy, such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly.

15:49    我们既有属土的形状，将来也必有属天的形状。
And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.

15:50    弟兄们，我告诉你们说，血肉之体，不能承受神的国。必朽坏的，不能承受不朽坏的。
Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption.

15:51    我如今把一件奥秘的事告诉你们。我们不是都要睡觉，乃是都要改变，
Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,

15:52    就在一霎时，眨眼之间，号筒末次吹响的时候。因号筒要响，死人要复活成为不朽坏的，我们也要改变。
In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.

15:53    这必朽坏的，总要变成不朽坏的。（变成原文作穿下同）这必死的，总要变成不死的。
For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.

15:54    这必朽坏的既变成不朽坏的。这必死的既变成不死的。那时经上所记，死被得胜吞灭的话就应验了。
So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory.

15:55    死阿，你得胜的权势在那里。死阿，你的毒钩在那里。
O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

15:56    死的毒钩就是罪。罪的权势就是律法。
The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law.

15:57    感谢神，使我们藉着我们的主耶稣基督得胜。
But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

15:58    所以我亲爱的弟兄们，你们务要坚固不可摇动，常常竭力多作主工，因为知道你们的劳苦，在主里面不是徒然的。
Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.




新约 -- 哥林多前书(1 Corinthians) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 16 章 )    　


16:1    论到为圣徒捐钱，我从前怎样吩咐加拉太的众教会，你们也当怎样行。
Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye.

16:2    每逢七日的第一日，各人要照自己的进项抽出来留着。免得我来的时候现凑。
Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.

16:3    及至我来到了，你们写信举荐谁，我就打发他们，把你们的捐资送到耶路撒冷去。
And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem.

16:4    若我也该去，他们可以和我同去。
And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me.

16:5    我要从马其顿经过。既经过了，就要到你们那里去。
Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia.

16:6    或者和你们同住几时，或者也过冬。无论我往那里去，你们就可以给我送行。
And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoever I go.

16:7    我如今不愿意路过见你们。主若许我，我就指望和你们同住几时。
For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit.

16:8    但我要仍旧住在以弗所，直等到五旬节。
But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost.

16:9    因为有功效的门，为我开了，并且反对的人也多。
For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries.

16:10    若是提摩太来到，你们要留心，叫他在你们那里无所惧怕。因为他劳力作主的工，像我一样。
Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he worketh the work of the Lord, as I also do.

16:11    所以无论谁，都不可藐视他。只要送他平安前行，叫他到我这里来。因我指望他和弟兄们同来。
Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren.

16:12    至于兄弟亚波罗，我再三的劝他，同弟兄们到你们那里去。但这时他决不愿意去。几时有了机会他必去。
As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he will come when he shall have convenient time.

16:13    你们务要儆醒，在真道上站立得稳，要作大丈夫，要刚强。
Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.

16:14    凡你们所作的，都要凭爱心而作。
Let all your things be done with charity.

16:15    弟兄们，你们晓得司提反一家，是亚该亚初结的果子。并且他们专以服事圣徒为念。
I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)

16:16    我劝你们顺服这样的人，并一切同工同劳的人。
That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth.

16:17    司提反，和福徒拿都，并亚该古，到这里来，我很喜欢。因为你们待我有不及之处，他们补上了。
I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied.

16:18    他们叫我和你们心里都快活。这样的人，你们务要敬重。
For they have refreshed my spirit and yours: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such.

16:19    亚细亚的众教会问你们安。亚居拉和百基拉，并在他们家里的教会，因主多多的问你们安。
The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.

16:20    众弟兄都问你们安。你们要亲嘴问安，彼此务要圣洁。
All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss.

16:21    我保罗亲笔问安。
The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand.

16:22    若有人不爱主，这人可诅可咒。主必要来。
If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha.

16:23    愿主耶稣基督的恩，常与你们众人同在。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.

16:24    我在基督耶稣里的爱与你们众人同在。阿们。
My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.






新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　


1:1    奉神旨意，作基督耶稣使徒的保罗，和兄弟提摩太，写信给在哥林多神的教会，并亚该亚遍处的众圣徒。
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:

1:2    愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父和主耶稣基督归与你们。
Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3    愿颂赞归与我们的主耶稣基督的父神，就是发慈悲的父，赐各样安慰的神。
Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;

1:4    我们在一切患难中，他就安慰我们，叫我们能用神所赐的安慰，去安慰那遭各样患难的人。
Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.

1:5    我们既多受基督的苦楚，就靠基督多得安慰。
For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.

1:6    我们受患难呢，是为叫你们得安慰得拯救。我们得安慰呢，也是为叫你们得安慰。这安慰能叫你们忍受我们所受的那样苦楚。
And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.

1:7    我们为你们所存的盼望是确定的。因为知道你们既是同受苦楚，也必同得安慰。
And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.

1:8    弟兄们，我们不要你们不晓得，我们从前在亚细亚遭遇苦难，被压太重，力不能胜，甚至连活命的指望都绝了。
For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:

1:9    自己心里也断定是必死的，叫我们不靠自己，只靠叫死人复活的神。
But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:

1:10    他曾救我们脱离那极大的死亡，现在仍要救我们，并且我们指望他将来还要救我们。
Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;

1:11    你们以祈祷帮助我们，好叫许多人为我们谢恩，就是为我们因许多人所得的恩。
Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.

1:12    我们所夸的，是自己的良心，见证我们凭着神的圣洁和诚实，在世为人，不靠人的聪明，乃靠神的恩惠，向你们更是这样。
For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward.

1:13    我们现在写给你们的话，并不外乎你们所念的，所认识的，我也盼望你们到底还是要认识。
For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;

1:14    正如你们已经有几分认识我们。以我们夸口，好像我们在我们主耶稣的日子，以你们夸口一样。
As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are ours in the day of the Lord Jesus.

1:15    我既然这样深信，就早有意到你们那里去，叫你们再得益处。
And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;

1:16    也要从你们那里经过，往马其顿去，再从马其顿回到你们那里，叫你们给我送行往犹太去。
And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.

1:17    我有此意，岂是反复不定吗。我所起的意，岂是从情欲起的，叫我忽是忽非吗。
When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?

1:18    我指着信实的神说，我们向你们所传的道，并没有是而又非的。
But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.

1:19    因为我和西拉，并提摩太，在你们中间所传神的儿子耶稣基督，总没有是而又非的，在他只有一是。
For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.

1:20    神的应许，不论有多少，在基督都是是的，所以藉着他也都是实在的，（实在原文作阿们）叫神因我们得荣耀。
For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us.

1:21    那在基督里坚固我们和你们，并且膏我们的，就是神。
Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;

1:22    他又用印印了我们，并赐圣灵在我们心里作凭据。（原文作质）。
Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.

1:23    我呼吁神给我的心作见证，我没有往哥林多去，是为要宽容你们。
Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth.

1:24    我们并不是辖管你们的信心，乃是帮助你们的快乐。因为你们凭信才站立得住。
Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


2:1    我自己定了主意，再到你们那里去，必须大家没有忧愁。
But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness.

2:2    倘若我叫你们忧愁，除了我叫那忧愁的人以外，谁能叫我快乐呢。
For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?

2:3    我曾把这事写给你们，恐怕我到的时候，应该叫我快乐的那些人，反倒叫我忧愁。我也深信，你们众人都以我的快乐为自己的快乐。
And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all.

2:4    我先前心里难过痛苦，多多的流泪，写信给你们。不是叫你们忧愁，乃是叫你们知道我格外的疼爱你们。
For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you.

2:5    若有叫人忧愁的，他不但叫我忧愁，也是叫你们众人有几分忧愁，我说几分，恐怕说得太重。
But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all.

2:6    这样的人，受了众人的责罚，也就够了。
Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.

2:7    倒不如赦免他，安慰他，免得他忧愁太过，甚至沉沦了。
So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.

2:8    所以我劝你们，要向他显出坚定不移的爱心来。
Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him.

2:9    为此我先前也写信给你们，要试验你们，看你们凡事顺从不顺从。
For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things.

2:10    你们赦免谁，我也赦免谁，我若有所赦免的，是在基督面前为你们赦免的。
To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;

2:11    免得撒但趁着机会胜过我们。因我们并非不晓得他的诡计。
Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices.

2:12    我从前为基督的福音到了特罗亚，主也给我开了门。
Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me of the Lord,

2:13    那时因为没有遇见兄弟提多，我心里不安，便辞别那里的人往马其顿去了。
I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia.

2:14    感谢神，常帅领我们在基督里夸胜，并藉着我们在各处显扬那因认识基督而有的香气。
Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.

2:15    因为我们在婉面前，无论在得救的人身上，或灭亡的人身上，都有基督馨香之气。
For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:

2:16    在这等人，就作了死的香气叫他死。在那等人，就作了活的香气叫他活。这事谁能当得起呢。
To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?

2:17    我们不像那许多人，为利混乱神的道。乃是由于诚实，由于神，在神面前凭着基督讲道。
For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


3:1    我们岂是又举荐自己吗。岂像别人，用人的荐信给你们，或用你们的荐信给人吗。
Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?

3:2    你们就是我们的荐信，写在我们心里，被众人所知道所念诵的。
Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:

3:3    你们明显是基督的信，藉着我们修成的。不是用墨写的，乃是用永生神的灵写的。不是写在石版上，乃是写在心版上。
Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart.

3:4    我们因基督所以在神面前才有这样的信心，
And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:

3:5    并不是我们凭自己能承担什么事，我们所能承担的，乃是出于神。
Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;

3:6    他叫我们能承当这新约的执事。不是凭着字句，乃是凭着精意。因为那字句是叫人死，精意是叫人活。（精意或作圣灵）。
Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.

3:7    那用字刻在石头上属死的职事，尚且有荣光，甚至以色列人因摩西面上的荣光，不能定睛看他的脸。这荣光原是渐渐退去的。
But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:

3:8    何况那属灵的职事，岂不更有荣光吗。
How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?

3:9    若是定罪的职事有荣光，那称义的职事，荣光就越发大了。
For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.

3:10    那从前有荣光的，因这极大的荣光，就算不得有荣光了。
For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth.

3:11    若那废掉的有荣光，这长存的就有荣光了。
For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious.

3:12    我们既有这样的盼望，就大胆讲说，
Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:

3:13    不像摩西将帕子蒙在脸上，叫以色列人不能定睛看到那将废者的结局。
And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished:

3:14    但他们的心地刚硬。直到今日诵读旧约的时候，这帕子还没有揭去。这帕子在基督里已经废去了。
But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament; which vail is done away in Christ.

3:15    然而直到今日，每逢诵读摩西书的时候，帕子还在他们心上。
But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon their heart.

3:16    但他们的心几时归向主，帕子就几时除去了。
Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be taken away.

3:17    主就是那灵。主的灵在那里，那里就得以自由。
Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.

3:18    我们众人既然倘着脸，得以看见主的荣光，好像从镜子里反照，就变成主的形状，荣上加荣，如同从主的灵变成的。
But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the LORD.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


4:1    我们既然蒙怜悯，受了这职分，就不丧胆。
Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;

4:2    乃将那些暗昧可耻的事弃绝了，不行诡诈，不谬称神的道理。只将真理表明出来，好在神面前把自己荐与各人的良心。
But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.

4:3    如果我们的福音蒙蔽，就是蒙蔽在灭亡的人身上。
But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:

4:4    此等不信之人，被这世界的神弄瞎了心眼，不叫基督荣耀福音的光照着他们。基督本是神的像。
In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.

4:5    我们原不是传自己，乃是传基督耶稣为主，并且自己因耶稣作你们的仆人。
For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.

4:6    那吩咐光从黑暗里照出来的神，已经照在我们心里，叫我们得知神荣耀的光，显在耶稣基督的面上。
For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.

4:7    我们有这宝贝放在瓦器里，要显明这莫大的力，是出于神，不是出于我们。
But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.

4:8    我们四面受敌，却不被困住。心里作难，却不至失望。
We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;

4:9    遭逼迫，却不被丢弃。打倒了，却不至死亡。
Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;

4:10    身上常带着耶稣的死，使耶稣的生，也显明在我们身上。
Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body.

4:11    因为我们这活着的人，是常为耶稣被交于死地，使耶稣的生，在我们这必死的身上显明出来，
For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh.



4:12    这样看来，死是在我们身上发动，生却在你们身上发动。
So then death worketh in us, but life in you.

4:13    但我们既有信心，正如经上记着说，我因信，所以如此说话。我们也信，所以也说话。
We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken; we also believe, and therefore speak;

4:14    自己知道，那叫主耶稣复活的，也必叫我们与耶稣一同复活，并且叫我们与你们一同站在他面前。
Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you.

4:15    凡事都是为你们，好叫恩惠因人多越发加增，感谢格外显多，以致荣耀归与神。
For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God.

4:16    所以我们不丧胆。外体虽然毁坏，内心却一天新似一天。
For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.



4:17    我们这至暂至轻的苦楚，要为我们成就极重无比永远的荣耀。
For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;

4:18    原来我们不是顾念所见的，乃是顾念所不见的。因为所见的是暂时的，所不见的是永远的。
While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


5:1    我们原知道，我们这地上的帐棚若拆毁了，必得神所造，不是人手所造，在天上永存的房屋。
For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

5:2    我们在这帐棚里叹息，深想得那从天上来的房屋，好像穿上衣服。
For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:

5:3    倘若穿上，被遇见的时候就不至于赤身了。
If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked.

5:4    我们在这帐棚里，叹息劳苦，并非愿意脱下这个，乃是愿意穿上那个，好叫这必死的被生命吞灭了。
For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.

5:5    为此培植我们的就是神，他又赐给我们圣灵作凭据。（原文作质）。
Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.

5:6    所以我们时常坦然无惧，并且晓得我们住在身内，便与主相离。
Therefore we are always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord:

5:7    因我们行事为人，是凭着信心，不是凭着眼见。
(For we walk by faith, not by sight:)

5:8    我们坦然无惧，是更愿意离开身体与主同住。
We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.

5:9    所以无论是住在身内，离开身外，我们立了志向，要得主的喜悦。
Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him.

5:10    因为我们众人，必要在基督台前显露出来，叫各人按着本身所行的，或善或恶受报。
For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.

5:11    我们既知道主是可畏的，所以劝人，但我们在神面前是显明的，盼望在你们的良心里，也是显明的。
Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we are made manifest unto God; and I trust also are made manifest in your consciences.

5:12    我们不是向你们再举荐自己，乃是叫你们因我们有可夸之处，好对那凭外貌不凭内心夸口的人，有言可答。
For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.

5:13    我们若果颠狂，是为神。若果谨守，是为你们。
For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause.



5:14    原来基督的爱激励我们。因我们想一人既替众人死，众人就都死了。
For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:

5:15    并且他替众人死，是叫那些活着的人，不再为自己活，乃为替他们死而复活的主活。
And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again.

5:16    所以我们从今以后，不凭着外貌（原文作肉体本节同）认人了。虽然凭着外貌认过基督，如今不再这样认他了。
Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more.

5:17    若有人在基督里，他就是新造的人。旧事已过，都变成新的了。
Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

5:18    一切都是出于神，他藉着基督使我们与他和好，又将劝人与他和好的职分赐给我们。
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;

5:19    这就是神在基督里叫世人与自己和好，不将他们的过犯归到他们身上。并且将这和好的道理托付了我们。
To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

5:20    所以我们作基督的使者，就好像神藉我们劝你们一般。我们替基督求你们与神和好。
Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.

5:21    神使那无罪的（无罪原文作不知罪），替我们成为罪。好叫我们在他里面成为神的义。
For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


6:1    我们与神同工的，也劝你们，不可徒受他的恩典。
We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.

6:2    因为他说，在悦纳的时候，我应允了你。在拯救的日子，我搭救了你。看哪，现在正是悦纳的时候，现在正是拯救的日子。
(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)

6:3    我们凡事都不叫人有妨碍，免得这职分被人毁谤。
Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:

6:4    反倒在各样的事上，表明自己是神的用人，就如在许多的忍耐，患难，穷乏，困苦，
But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,

6:5    鞭打，监禁，扰乱，勤劳，儆醒，不食，
In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;



6:6    廉洁，知识，恒忍，恩慈，圣灵的感化，无伪的爱心，
By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,

6:7    真实的道理，神的大能。仁义的兵器在左在右。
By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,

6:8    荣耀羞辱，恶名美名。似乎是诱惑人的，却是诚实的。
By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;

6:9    似乎不为人所知，却是人所共知的。似乎要死却是活着的。似乎受责罚，却是不至丧命的。
As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;

6:10    似乎忧愁，却是常常快乐的。似乎贫穷，却是叫许多人富足的。似乎一无所有，却是样样都有的。
As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.

6:11    哥林多人哪，我们向你们，口是张开的，心是宽宏的。
O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.

6:12    你们狭窄，原不在乎我们，是在乎自己的心肠狭窄。
Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.

6:13    你们也要用宽宏的心报答我。我这话升像对自己的孩子说的。
Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.

6:14    你们和不信的原不相配，不要同负一轭。义和不义有什么相交呢。光明和黑暗有什么相通呢。
Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?

6:15    基督和彼列（彼列就是撒但的别名）有什么相和呢。信主的和不信主的有什么相干呢。
And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?

6:16    神的殿和偶像有什么相同呢。因为我们是永生神的殿。就如神曾说，我要在他们中间居住，在他们中间来往。我要作他们的神，他们要作我的子民。
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.

6:17    又说，你们务要从他们中间出来，与他们分别，不要沾不洁净的物，我就收纳你们。
Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

6:18    我要作你们的父，你们要作我的儿女。这是全能的主说的。
And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


7:1    亲爱的弟兄阿，我们既有这等应许，就当洁净自己，除去身体灵魂一切的污秽，敬畏神，得以成圣。
Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.



7:2    你们要心地宽大收纳我们。我们未曾亏负谁，未曾败坏谁，未曾占谁的便宜。
Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.

7:3    我说这话，不是要定你们的罪。我已经说过，你们常在我们心里，情愿与你们同生同死。
I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.

7:4    我大大的放胆向你们说话。我因你们多多夸口，满得安慰。我们在一切患难中分外的快乐。
Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.

7:5    我们从前就是到了马其顿的时候，身体也不得安宁，周围遭患难，外有争战，内有惧怕。
For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears.

7:6    但那安慰丧气之人的神，藉着提多来安慰了我们。
Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;

7:7    不但藉着他来，也藉着他从你们所得的安慰，安慰了我们。因他把你们的想念，哀恸，和向我的热心，都告诉了我，叫我更加欢喜。
And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.

7:8    我先前写信叫你们忧愁。我后来虽然懊悔，如今却不懊悔。因我知道那信叫你们忧愁，不过是暂时的。
For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.

7:9    如今我欢喜，不是因你们忧愁，是因你们从忧愁中生出懊悔来。你们依着神的意思忧愁，凡事就不至于因我们受亏损了。
Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing.

7:10    因为依着神的意思忧愁，就生出没有后悔的懊悔来，以致得救。但世俗的忧愁，是叫人死。
For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.

7:11    你看，你们依着神的意思忧愁，从此就生出何等的殷勤，自诉，自恨，恐惧，想念，热心，责罚（或作自责），在这一切事上你们都表明自己是洁净的。
For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.

7:12    我虽然从前写信给你们却不是为那亏负人的，也不是为那受人亏负的，乃要在神面前，把你们顾念我们的热心，表明出来。
Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.

7:13    故此我们得了安慰，并且在安慰之中，因你们众人使提多心里畅快欢喜，我们就更加欢喜了。
Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.

7:14    我若对提多夸奖了你们什么，也觉得没有惭愧。因我对提多夸奖你们的话，成了真的。正如我对你们所说的话，也都是真的。
For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.

7:15    并且提多想起你们众人的顺服，是怎样恐惧战竞的接待他，他爱你们的心肠就越发热了。
And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.

7:16    我如今欢喜，能在凡事上为你们放心。
I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


8:1    弟兄们，我把神赐给马其顿众教会的恩告诉你们。
Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;

8:2    就是他们在患难中受大试炼的时候，仍有满足的快乐，在极穷之间，还格外显出他们乐捐的厚恩。
How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality.

8:3    我可以证明他们是按着力量，而且也过了力量，自己甘心乐意的捐助。
For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;

8:4    再三的求我们，准他们在这供给圣徒的恩情上有分。
Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.

8:5    并且他们所作的，不但照我们所想望的，更照神的旨意，先把自己献给主，又归附了我们。
And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.

8:6    因此我劝提多，既然在你们中间开办这慈惠的事，就当办成了。
Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.

8:7    你们既然在信心，口才，知识，热心，和待我们的爱心上，都格外显出满足来，就当在这慈惠的事上，也格外显出满足来。
Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also.

8:8    我说这话，不是吩咐你们，乃是藉着别人的热心，试验你们爱心的实在。
I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.

8:9    你们知道我们主耶稣基督的恩典。他本来富足，却为你们成了贫穷，叫你们因他的贫穷，可以成为富足。
For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.

8:10    我在这事上把我的意见告诉你们，是与你们有益。因为你们下手办这事，而且起此心意，已经有一年了。
And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.

8:11    如今就当办成这事。既有愿作的心，也当照你们所有的去办成。
Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have.

8:12    因为人若有愿作的心，比蒙悦纳，乃是照他所有的，并不是照他所无的。
For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.

8:13    我原不是要别人轻省，你们受累，
For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:

8:14    乃要均平。就是要你们的富馀，现在可以补他们的不足，使他们的富馀，将来也可以补你们的不足，这就均平了。
But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:

8:15    如经上所记，多收的也没有馀，少收的也没有缺。
As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.

8:16    多谢神，感动提多的心，叫他待你们殷勤，像我一样。
But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.

8:17    他固然是听了我的劝。但自己更是热心，情愿往你们那里去。
For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you.

8:18    我们还打发一位兄弟和他同去。这人在福音上得了众教会的称赞。
And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;

8:19    不但这样，他也被众教会挑选，和我们同行，把所托与我们的捐赀送到了，可以荣耀主，又表明我们乐意的心。
And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:

8:20    这就免得有人因我们收的捐银很多，就挑我们的不是。
Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us:

8:21    我们留心行光明的事，不但在主面前，就在人面前，也是这样。
Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men.

8:22    我们又打发一位兄弟同去。这人的热心，我们在许多事上，屡次试验过，现在他因为深信你们，就更加热心了。
And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the great confidence which I have in you.

8:23    论到提多，他是我的同伴，一同为你们劳碌的。论到那两位兄弟，他们是教会的使者，是基督的荣耀。
Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.

8:24    所以你们务要在众教会面前，显明你们爱心的凭据，并我所夸奖你们的凭据。
Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


9:1    论到供给圣徒的事，我不必写信给你们。
For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you:

9:2    因为我知道你们乐意的心，常对马其顿人夸奖你们，说亚该亚人豫备好了，已经有一年了。并且你们的热心激动了许多人。
For I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many.

9:3    但我打发那几位弟兄去，要叫你们照我的话豫备妥当。免得我们在这事上夸奖你们的话落了空。
Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready:

9:4    万一有马其顿人与我同去，见你们没有豫备，就叫我们所确信的，反成了羞愧。你们羞愧，更不用说了。
Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting.

9:5    因此我想不得不求那几位弟兄，先到你们那里去，把从前所应许的捐赀，豫备妥当，就显出你们所捐的，是出于乐意，不是出于勉强。
Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness.

9:6    少种的少收，多种的多收。这话是真的。
But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.

9:7    各人要随本心所酌定的。不要作难，不要勉强，因为捐得乐意的人，是神所喜爱的。
Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.

9:8    神能将各样的恩惠，多多的加给你们。使你们凡事常常充足，能行各样的善事。
And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:

9:9    如经上所记，他施舍钱财，周济贫穷。他的仁义存到永远。
(As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever.

9:10    那赐种给撒种的，赐粮给人吃的，必多多加给你们种地的种子，又增添你们仁义的果子。
Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)

9:11    叫你们凡事富足，可以多多施舍，就藉着我们使感谢归于神。
Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.

9:12    因为办这供给的事，不但补圣徒的缺乏，而且叫许多人越发感谢神。
For the administration of this service not only supplieth the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto God;

9:13    他们从这供给的事上得了凭据，知道你们承认基督顺服他的福音，多多的捐钱给他们和众人，便将荣耀归与神。
Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;

9:14    他们也因神极大的恩赐，显在你们心里，就切切的想念你们，为你们祈祷。
And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you.

9:15    感谢神，因他有说不尽的恩赐。
Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


10:1    我保罗就是与你们见面的时候是谦卑的，不在你们那里的时候向你们是勇敢的，如今亲自藉着基督的温柔和平，劝你们。
Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:

10:2    有人以为我是凭着血气行事，我也以为必须用勇敢待这等人，求你们不要叫我在你们那里的时候，有这样的勇敢。
But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.

10:3    因为我们虽然在血气中行事，却不凭着血气争战。
For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:

10:4    我们争战的兵器，本不是属血气的，乃是在神面前有能力可以攻破坚固的营垒，
(For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)

10:5    将各样的计谋，各样拦阻人认识神的那些自高之事，一概攻破了，又将人所有的心意夺回，使他都顺服基督。
Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;

10:6    并且我已经豫备好了，等你们十分顺服的时候，要责罚那一切不顺服的人。
And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.

10:7    你们是看眼前的吗。倘若有人自信是属基督的，他要再想想，他如何属基督，我们也是如何属基督的。
Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of himself think this again, that, as he is Christ's, even so are we Christ's.

10:8    主赐给我们权柄是要造就你们，并不是要败坏你们。我就是为这权柄稍微夸口，也不至于惭愧。
For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed:

10:9    我说这话免得你们以为我写信是要威吓你们。
That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters.

10:10    因为有人说，他的信，又沉重，又利害。及至见面，却是气貌不扬，言语粗俗的。
For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.

10:11    这等人当想，我们不在那里的时候，信上的言语如何，见面的时候，行事也必如何。
Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.

10:12    因为我们不敢将自己和那自荐的人同列相比。他们用自己度量自己，用自己比较自己，乃是不通达的。
For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.

10:13    我们不愿意分外夸口，只要照神所量给我们的界限，构到你们那里。
But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you.

10:14    我们并非过了自己的界限，好像构不到你们那里。因为我们早到你们那里，传了基督的福音。
For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:

10:15    我们不仗着别人所劳碌的，分外夸口。但指望你们信心增长的时候，所量给我们的界限，就可以因着你们更加开展，
Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,

10:16    得以将福音传到你们以外的地方，并不是在别人界限之内，藉着他现成的事夸口。
To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to our hand.

10:17    但夸口的当指着主夸口。
But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.

10:18    因为蒙悦纳的，不是自己称许的，乃是主所称许的。
For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


11:1    但愿你们宽容我这一点愚妄。其实你们原是宽容我的。
Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me.

11:2    我为你们起的愤恨，原是神那样的愤恨。因为我曾把你们许配一个丈夫，要把你们如同贞洁的童女，献给基督。
For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.

11:3    我只怕你们的心或偏于邪，失去那向基督所存纯一清洁的心，就像蛇用诡诈诱惑了夏娃一样。
But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.

11:4    假如有人来，另传一个耶稣，不是我们所传过的。或着你们另受一个灵，不是你们所受过的。或者另得一个福音，不是你们所得过的。你们容让他也就吧了。
For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him.



11:5    但我想，我一点不在那些最大的使徒以下。
For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.

11:6    我的言语虽然粗俗，我的知识却不粗俗。这是我们在凡事上，向你们众人显明出来的。
But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things.

11:7    我因为白白传神的福音给你们，就自居卑微，叫你们高升，这算是我犯罪吗。
Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?

11:8    我亏负了别的教会，向他们取了工价来，给你们效力。
I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service.

11:9    我在你们那里缺乏的时候，并没有累着你们一个人。因我所缺乏的，那从马其顿来的弟兄们都补足了。我向来凡事谨守，后来也必谨守，总不至于累着你们。
And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself.

11:10    既有基督的诚实在我里面，就无人能在亚该亚一带地方阻挡我这自夸。
As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia.

11:11    为什么呢。是因我不爱你们吗。这有神知道。
Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth.

11:12    我现在所作的，后来还要作，为要断绝那些寻机会人的机会，使他们在所夸的事上，也不过与我们一样。
But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.

11:13    那等人是假使徒，行事诡诈，装作基督使徒的模样。
For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.

11:14    这也不足为怪。因为连撒但也装作光明的天使。
And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.

11:15    所以他的差役，若装作仁义的差役，也不算希奇。他们的结局，必然照着他们的行为。
Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.

11:16    我再说，人不可把我看作愚妄的。纵然如此，也要把我当作愚妄人接纳，叫我可以略略自夸。
I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.

11:17    我说的话，不是奉主命说的，乃是像愚妄人放胆自夸。
That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.

11:18    既有好些人凭着血气自夸，我也要自夸了。
Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.

11:19    你们既是精明的人，就能甘心忍耐愚妄人。
For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.

11:20    假若有人强你们作奴仆，或侵吞你们，或掳掠你们，或悔慢你们，或打你们的脸，你们都能忍耐他。
For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.

11:21    我说这话，是羞辱自己。好像我们从前是软弱的。然而人在何事上勇敢，（我说句愚妄话）我也勇敢。
I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.

11:22    他们是希伯来人吗。我也是。他们是以色列人吗。我也是。他们是亚伯拉罕的后裔吗。我也是。
Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.

11:23    他们是基督的仆人吗。（我说句狂话）我更是。
Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft.

11:24    我比他们多受劳苦，多下监牢，受鞭打是过重的，冒死是屡次有的。被犹太人鞭打五次，每次四十，减去一下。
Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.

11:25    被棍打了三次，被石头打了一次，遇着船坏三次，一昼一夜在深海里。
Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;

11:26    又屡次行远路，遭江河的危险，盗贼的危险，同族的危险，外邦人的危险，城里的危险，旷野的危险，海中的危险，假弟兄的危险。
In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren;

11:27    受劳碌，受困苦，多次不得睡，又饥又渴，多次不得食。受寒冷，赤身露体。
In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.

11:28    除了这外面的事，还有为众教会挂心的事，天天压在我身上。
Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches.

11:29    有谁软弱，我不软弱呢，有谁跌倒，我不焦急呢。
Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?

11:30    我若必须自夸，就夸那关乎我软弱的事便了。
If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities.

11:31    那永远可称颂之主耶稣的父神，知道我不说谎。
The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not.

11:32    在大马士革亚哩达王手下的提督，把守大马士革城要捉拿我。
In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:

11:33    我就从窗户中，在筐子里从城墙上被人缒下去，脱离了他的手。
And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


12:1    我自夸固然无益，但我是不得已的。如今我要说到主的显现和启示。
It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord.

12:2    我认得一个在基督里的人，他前十四年被提到第三层天上去。或在身内，我不知道。或在身外，我也不知道。只有神知道。
I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.

12:3    我认得这人，或在身内，或在身外，我都不知道。只有神知道。
And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)

12:4    他被提到乐园里，听到隐秘的言语，是人不可说的。
How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter.

12:5    为这人，我要夸口。但是为我自己，除了我的软弱以外，我并不夸口。
Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities.

12:6    我就是愿意夸口，也不算狂。因为我必说实话。只是我禁止不说，恐怕有人把我看高了，过于他在我身上所看见所听见的。
For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me.

12:7    又恐怕我因所得的启示甚大，就过于自高，所以有一根刺加在我肉体上，就是撒但的差役，要攻击我，免得我过于自高。
And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.

12:8    为这事，我三次求过主，叫这刺离开我。
For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me.

12:9    他对我说，我的恩典够你用的。因为我的能力，是在人的软弱上显得完全。所以我更喜欢夸自己的软弱，好叫基督的能力覆庇我。
And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.

12:10    我为基督的缘故，就以软弱，凌辱，急难，逼迫，困苦，为可喜乐的。因我什么时候软弱，什么时候就刚强了。
Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong.

12:11    我成了愚妄人，是被你们强逼的。我本该被你们称许才是。我算不了什么，却没有一件事在那些最大的使徒以下。
I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing.

12:12    我在你们中间，用百般的忍耐，藉着神迹奇事异能，显出使徒的凭据来。
Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.

12:13    除了我不累着你们这一件事，你们还有什么事不及别的教会呢。这不公之处，求你们饶恕我吧。
For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.

12:14    如今我打算第三次到你们那里去，也必不累着你们，因我所求的是你们，不是你们的财物。儿女不该为父母积财，父母该为儿女积财。
Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not yours, but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.

12:15    我也甘心乐意为你们的灵魂费财费力。难道我越发爱你们，就越发少得你们的爱吗。
And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.

12:16    吧了，我自己并没有累着你们，你们却有人说，我是诡诈，用心计牢笼你们。
But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile.

12:17    我所差到你们那里去的人，我藉着他们一个人占过你们的便宜吗。
Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?

12:18    我劝了提多到你们那里去，又差那位兄弟与他同去。提多占过你们的便宜吗。我们行事，不同是一个心灵吗。不同是一个脚踪吗。（心灵或作圣灵）。
I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?

12:19    你们到如今，还想我们是向你们分诉。我们本是在基督里当神面前说话。亲爱的弟兄阿，一切的事，都是为造就你们。
Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.

12:20    我怕我再来的时候，见你们不合我所想望的，你们见我也不合你们所想望的。又怕有分争，嫉妒，恼怒，结党，毁谤，才言，狂傲，混乱的事。
For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:

12:21    且怕我来的时候，我的神叫我在你们面前渐愧。又因许多人从前犯罪，行污秽奸淫邪荡的事，不肯悔改，我就忧愁。
And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.




新约 -- 哥林多后书(2 Corinthians) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　


13:1    这是我第三次要到你们那里去。凭两三个人的口作见证，句句都要定准。
This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.

13:2    我从前说过，如今不在你们那里又说，正如我第二次见你们的时候所说的一样，就是对那犯罪的，和其馀的人说，我若再来必不宽容。
I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:

13:3    你们既然寻求基督在我里面说话的凭据，我必不宽容因为基督在你们身上，不是软弱的。在你们里面，是有大能的。
Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you.

13:4    他因软弱被钉在十字架上，却因神的大能，仍然活着。我们也是这样同他软弱，但因神向你们所显的大能，也必与他同活。
For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you.

13:5    你们总要自己省察有信心没有。也要自己试验。岂不知你们若不是可弃绝的，就有耶稣基督在你们心里吗。
Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?

13:6    我却盼望你们晓得我们不是可弃绝的人。
But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates.

13:7    我们求神，叫你们一件恶事都不作。这不是要显明我们是蒙悦纳的，是要你们行事端正，任凭人看我们是被弃绝的吧。
Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates.

13:8    我们凡事不能敌挡真理，只能扶助真理。
For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.

13:9    既使我们软弱，你们刚强，我们也欢喜。并且我们所求的，就是你们作完全人。
For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection.

13:10    所以我不在你们那里的时候，把这话写给你们，好叫我见你们的时候，不用照主所给我的权柄，严厉的待你们。这权柄原是为造就人，并不是为败坏人。
Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath given me to edification, and not to destruction.

13:11    还有未了的话，愿弟兄们都喜乐。要作完全人。要受安慰。要同心合意。要彼此和睦。如此仁爱和平的神，必常与你们同在。
Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you.

13:12    你们亲嘴问安。彼此务要圣洁。
Greet one another with an holy kiss.

13:13    众圣徒都问你们安。
All the saints salute you.

13:14    愿主耶稣基督的恩惠，神的慈爱，圣灵的感动，常与你们众人同在。
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.






新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


1:1    作使徒的保罗，（不是由于人，也不是藉着人，乃是藉着耶稣基督，与叫他从死里复活的父神）
Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)

1:2    和一切与我同在的众弟兄，写信给加拉太的各教会。
And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia:

1:3    愿恩惠平安，从父神与我们的主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,

1:4    基督照我们父神的旨意为我们的罪舍己，要救我们脱离这罪恶的世代。
Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:

1:5    但愿荣耀归于神直到永永远远。阿们。
To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

1:6    我希奇你们这吗快离开那藉着基督之恩召你们的，去从别的福音。
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:

1:7    那并不是福音不过有些人搅扰你们，要把基督的福音更改了。
Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ.

1:8    但无论是我们，是天上来的使者，若传福音给你们，与我们所传给你们的不同，他就应当被咒诅。
But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

1:9    我们已经说了，现在又说，若有人传福音给你们，与你们所领受的不同，他就应当被咒诅。
As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.

1:10    我现在是要得人的心呢，还是要得神的心呢。我岂是讨人的喜欢吗。若仍旧讨人的喜欢，我就不是基督的仆人了。
For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.

1:11    弟兄们，我告诉你们，我素来所传的福音，不是出于人的意思。
But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man.

1:12    因为我不是从人领受的，也不是人教导我的，乃是从耶稣基督启示来的。
For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.

1:13    你们听见我从前在犹太教中所行的事，怎样极力逼迫残害神的教会。
For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:

1:14    我又在犹太教中，比我本国许多同岁的人更有长进，为我祖宗的遗传更加热心。
And profited in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers.

1:15    然而那把我从母腹里分别出来，又施恩召我的神，
But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,

1:16    既然乐意将他儿子启示在我心里，叫我把他传在外邦人中，我就没有与属血气的人商量，
To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:

1:17    也没有上耶路撒冷去，见那些比我先作使徒的。惟独往阿拉伯去。后又回到大马士革。
Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus.

1:18    过了三年，才上耶路撒冷去见叽法，和他同住了十五天。
Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days.

1:19    至于别的使徒，除了主的兄弟雅各，我都没有看见。
But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother.

1:20    我写给你们的，不是谎话，这是我在神面前说的。
Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not.

1:21    以后我到了叙利亚和基利家境内。
Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;

1:22    那时，犹太信基督的各教会都没有见过我的面。
And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:

1:23    不过听说，那从前逼迫我们的，现在传扬他原先所残害的真道。
But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.

1:24    他们就为我的缘故，归荣耀给神。
And they glorified God in me.



新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


2:1    过了十四年，我同巴拿巴又上耶路撒冷去，并带着提多同去。
Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.

2:2    我是奉启示上去的，把我在外邦人中所传的福音，对弟兄们陈说。却是背地里对那有名望之人说的。惟恐我现在，或是从前，徒然奔跑。
And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain.

2:3    但与我同去的提多，虽是希腊人，也没有勉强他受割礼。
But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:

2:4    因为有偷着引进来的假弟兄，私下窥探我们在基督耶稣里的自由，要叫我们作奴仆。
And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:

2:5    我们就是一刻的工夫，也没有容让顺服他们，为要叫福音的真理仍存在你们中间。
To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.

2:6    至于那些有名望的，不论他是何等人，都与我无干。神不以外貌取人。那些有名望的，并没有加增我什么。
But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:

2:7    反倒看见了主托我传福音给那未受割礼的人，正如托彼得传福音给那受割礼的人。
But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;

2:8    （那感动彼得，叫他为受割礼之人作使徒的，也感动我，叫我为外邦人作使徒）
(For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)

2:9    又知道所赐给我的恩典，那称为教会柱石的雅各，叽法，约翰，就向我和巴拿巴用右手行相交之礼，叫我们往外邦人那里去，他们往受割礼的人那里去。
And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.

2:10    只是愿意我们记念穷人。这也是我本来热心去行的。
Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do.

2:11    后来叽法到了安提阿，因他有可责之处，我就当面抵挡他。
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.

2:12    从雅各那里来的人，未到以先，他和外邦人一同吃饭。及至他们来到，他因怕奉割礼的人，就退去与外邦人隔开了。
For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision.

2:13    其馀的犹太人，也都随着他装假。甚至连巴拿巴也随夥装假。
And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.

2:14    但我一看他们行的不正，与福音的真理不合，就在众人面前对矶法说，你既是犹太人，若随外邦人行事，不随犹太人行事，怎吗还勉强外邦人随犹太人呢。
But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?

2:15    我们这生来的犹太人，不是外邦的罪人，
We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles,

2:16    既知道人称义，不是因行律法，乃是因信耶稣基督，连我们也信了基督耶稣，使我们因信基督称义，不因行律法称义，因为凡有血气的，没有一人因行律法称义。
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.

2:17    我们若求在基督里称义，却仍旧是罪人，难道基督是叫人犯罪的吗。断乎不是。
But if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid.

2:18    我素来所拆毁的，若重新建造，这就证明自己是犯罪的人。
For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.

2:19    我因律法就向律法死了，叫我可以向神活着。
For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God.

2:20    我已经与基督同钉十字架。现在活着的，不再是我，乃是基督在我里面活着。并且我如今在肉身活着，是因信神的儿子而活，他是爱我，为我舍己。
I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.

2:21    我不废掉神的恩。义若是藉着律法得的，基督就是徒然死了。
I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.



新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


3:1    无知的加拉太人哪，耶稣基督钉十字架，已经活画在你们眼前，谁又迷惑了你们呢。
O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?

3:2    我只要问你们这一件，你们受了圣灵，是因行律法呢，是因听信福音呢。
This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?

3:3    你们既靠圣灵入门，如今还靠肉身成全吗。你们是这样的无知吗。
Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?

3:4    你们受苦如此之多，都是徒然的吗。难道果真是徒然的吗。
Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain.

3:5    那赐给你们圣灵，又在你们中间行异能的，是因你们行律法呢，是因你们听信福音呢。
He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?

3:6    正如，亚伯拉罕信神，这就算为他的义。
Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.

3:7    所以你们要知道那以信为本的人，就是亚伯拉罕的子孙。
Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham.

3:8    并且圣经既然豫先看明，神要叫外邦人因信称义，就早已传福音给亚伯拉罕，说，万国都必因你得福。
And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.

3:9    可见那以信为本的人，和有信心的亚伯拉罕一同得福。
So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.

3:10    凡以行律法为本的，都是被咒诅的。因为经上记着，凡不常照律法书上所记一切之事去行的，就被咒诅。
For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them.

3:11    没有一个人靠着律法在神面前称义，这是明显的。因为经上说，义人必因信得生。
But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

3:12    律法原不本乎信，只说，行这些事的，就必因此活着。
And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them.

3:13    基督既为我们受了咒诅，（受原文作成）就赎出我们脱离律法的咒诅。因为经上记着，凡挂在木头上都是被咒诅的。
Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:

3:14    这便叫亚伯拉罕的福，因基督耶稣可以临到外邦人，使我们因信得着所应许的圣灵。
That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.

3:15    弟兄们，我且照着人的常话说，虽然是人的文约，若已经立定了，就没有能废弃或加增的。
Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto.

3:16    所应许的原是向亚伯拉罕和他子孙说的。神并不是说众子孙，指着许多人，乃是说你那一个子孙，指着一个人，就是基督。
Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.

3:17    我是这吗说，神豫先所立的约，不能被那四百三十年以后的律法废掉，叫应许归于虚空。
And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect.

3:18    因为承受产业，若本乎律法，就不本乎应许。但神是凭着应许，把产业赐给亚伯拉罕。
For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.



3:19    这样说来，律法是为什么有的呢。原是为过犯添上的，等候那蒙应许的子孙来到。并且是藉天使经中保之手设立的。
Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.

3:20    但中保本不是为一面作的。神既是一位。
Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.

3:21    这样，律法是与神的应许反对吗。断乎不是。若曾传一个能叫人得生命的律法，义就诚然本乎律法了。
Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law.

3:22    但圣经把众人都圈在罪里，使所应许的福因信耶稣基督，归给那信的人。
But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.

3:23    但这因信得救的理，还未来以先，我们被看守在律法之下，直圈到那将来的真道显明出来。
But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed.

3:24    这样律法是我们训蒙的师傅，引我们到基督那里，使我们因信称义。
Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith.

3:25    但这因信得救的理，既然来到，我们从此就不在师傅的手下了。
But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster.

3:26    所以你们因信基督耶稣，都是神的儿子。
For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.

3:27    你们受洗归入基督的，都是披戴基督了。
For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.

3:28    并不分犹太人，希腊人，自主的，为奴的，或男或女。因为你们在基督耶稣里都成为一了。
There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.

3:29    你们既属乎基督，就是亚伯拉罕的后裔，是照着应许承受产业的了。
And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.



新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


4:1    我说那承受产业的，虽然是全业的主人，但为孩童的时候，却与奴仆毫无分别。
Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;

4:2    乃在师傅和管家的手下，直等他父亲豫定的时候来到。
But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.

4:3    我们为孩童的时候，受管于世俗小学之下，也是如此。
Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:

4:4    及至时候满足，神就差遣他的儿子，为女人所生，且生在律法以下，
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,

4:5    要把律法以下的人赎出来，叫我们得着儿子的名分。
To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.

4:6    你们既为儿子，神就差他儿子的灵，进入你们（原文作我们）的心，呼叫阿爸，父。
And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.

4:7    可见，从此以后，你不是奴仆，乃是儿子了。既是儿子，就靠着神为后嗣。
Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.

4:8    但从前你们不认识神的时候，是给那些本来不是神的作奴仆。
Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods.

4:9    现在你们既然认识神，更可说是被神所认识的，怎吗还要归回那懦弱无用的小学，情愿再给他作奴仆呢。
But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?

4:10    你们谨守日子，月分，节期，年分。
Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.

4:11    我为你们害怕。惟恐我在你们身上是枉费了工夫。
I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.

4:12    弟兄们，我劝你们要向我一样，因为我也像你们一样。你们一点没有亏负我。
Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all.

4:13    你们知道我头一次传福音给你们，是因为身体有疾病。
Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first.

4:14    你们为我身体的缘故受试炼，没有轻看我，也没有厌弃我。反倒接待我，如同神的使者，如同基督耶稣。
And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.

4:15    你们当日所夸的福气在那里呢。那时你们若能行，就是把自己的眼睛剜出来给我，也都情愿。这是我可以给你们作见证的。
Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me.

4:16    如今我将真理告诉你们，就成了你们的仇敌吗。
Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?

4:17    那些人热心待你们，却不是好意，是要离间（原文作把你们关在外面）你们，叫你们热心待他们。
They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them.

4:18    在善事上，常用热心待人，原是好的，却不单我与你们同在的时候才这样。
But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you.

4:19    我小子阿，我为你们再受生产之苦，直等到基督成形在你们心里。
My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,

4:20    我巴不得现今在你们那里，改换口气，因我为你们，心里作难。
I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.

4:21    你们这愿意在律法以下的人，请告诉我，你们岂没有听见律法吗。
Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?

4:22    因为律法上记着，亚伯拉罕有两个儿子，一个是使女生的，一个是自主之妇人生的。
For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.

4:23    然而那使女所生的，是按着血气生的。那自主之妇人生的，是凭着应许生的。
But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.

4:24    这都是比方。那两个妇人，就是两约。一约是出于西奈山，生子为奴，乃是夏甲。
Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.

4:25    这夏甲二字是指着阿拉伯的西奈山，与现在的耶路撒冷同类。因耶路撒冷和他的儿女都是为奴的。
For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.

4:26    但那在上的耶路撒冷是自主的，他是我们的母。
But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.

4:27    因为经上记着，不怀孕不生养的，你要欢乐。未曾经过产难的，你要高声欢呼，因为没有丈夫的，比有丈夫的儿女更多。
For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.

4:28    弟兄们，我们是凭着应许作儿女，如同以撒一样。
Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.

4:29    当时那按着血气生的，逼迫了那按着圣灵生的。现在也是这样。
But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.

4:30    然而经上是怎吗说的呢。是说，把使女和他儿子赶出去，因为使女的儿子，不可与自主妇人的儿子一同承受产业。
Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.

4:31    弟兄们，这样看来，我们不是使女的儿女，乃是自主妇人的儿女了。
So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.



新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


5:1    基督释放了我们，叫我们得自由，所以要站立得稳，不要再被奴仆的轭挟制。
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.



5:2    我保罗告诉你们，若受割礼，基督就与你们无益了。
Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing.

5:3    我再指着凡受割礼的人确实的说，他是欠着行全律法的债。
For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.

5:4    你们这要靠律法称义的，是与基督隔绝，从恩典中坠落了。
Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.

5:5    我们靠着圣灵，凭着信心，等候所盼望的义。
For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.

5:6    原来在基督耶稣里，受割礼不受割礼，全无功效。惟独使人生发仁爱的信心，才有功效。
For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.

5:7    你们向来跑得好。有谁拦阻你们，叫你们不顺从真理呢。
Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?

5:8    这样的劝导，不是出于那召你们的。
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.

5:9    一点面酵能使全团都发起来。
A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.

5:10    我在主里很信你们必不怀别样的心，但搅扰你们的，无论是谁，必担当他的罪名。
I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.

5:11    弟兄们，我若仍旧传割礼，为什么还受逼迫呢。若是这样，那十字架讨厌的地方就没有了。
And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.

5:12    恨不得那搅乱你们的人，把自己割绝了。
I would they were even cut off which trouble you.

5:13    弟兄们，你们蒙召，是要得自由。只是不可将你们的自由当作放纵情欲的机会。总要用爱心互相服事。
For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.

5:14    因为全律法都包在爱人如己这一句话之内了。
For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

5:15    你们要谨慎。若相咬相吞，只怕要彼此消灭了。
But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.

5:16    我说，你们当顺着圣灵而行，就不放纵肉体的情欲了。
This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.

5:17    因为情欲和圣灵相争，圣灵和情欲相争。这两个是彼此相敌，使你们不能作所愿意作的。
For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.

5:18    但你们若被圣灵引导，就不在律法以下。
But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.

5:19    情欲的事，都是显而易见的。就如奸淫，污秽，邪荡，
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,

5:20    拜偶像，邪术，仇恨，争竞，忌恨，恼怒，结党，纷争，异端，
Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,

5:21    嫉妒，（有古卷在此有凶杀二字）醉酒，荒宴等类，我从前告诉你们，现在又告诉你们，行这样事的人，必不能承受神的国。
Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

5:22    圣灵所结的果子，就是仁爱，喜乐，和平，忍耐，恩慈，良善，信实，
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

5:23    温柔，节制。这样的事，没有律法禁止。
Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

5:24    凡属基督耶稣的人，是已经把肉体，连肉体的邪情私欲，同钉在十字架上了。
And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.

5:25    我们若是靠圣灵得生，就当靠圣灵行事。
If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.

5:26    不要贪图虚名，彼此惹气，互相嫉妒。
Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.



新约 -- 加拉太书(Galatians) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


6:1    弟兄们，若有人偶然被过犯所胜，你们属灵的人，就应当用温柔的心，把他挽回过来。又当自己小心，恐怕也被引诱。
Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.

6:2    你们各人的重担要互相担当，如此就完全了基督的律法。
Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.

6:3    人若无有，自己还以为有，就是自欺了。
For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.

6:4    各人应当察验自己的行为，这样，他所夸的就专在自己，不在别人了。
But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.

6:5    因为各人必担当自己的担子。
For every man shall bear his own burden.

6:6    在道理上受教的，当把一切需用的供给施教的人。
Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.

6:7    不要自欺，神是轻慢不得的。人种的是什么，收的也是什么。
Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

6:8    顺着情欲撒种的，必从情欲收败坏顺着圣灵撒种的，必从圣灵收永生。
For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.

6:9    我们行善，不可丧志。若不灰心，到了时候，就要收成。
And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.

6:10    所以有了机会，就当向众人行善。向信徒一家的人更当这样。
As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.

6:11    请看我亲手写给你们的字，是何等的大呢。
Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand.

6:12    凡希图外貌体面的人，都勉强你们受割礼。无非是怕自己为基督的十字架受逼迫。
As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.

6:13    他们那些受割礼的，连自己也不守律法。他们愿意你们受割礼，不过要藉着你们的肉体夸口。
For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.

6:14    但我断不以别的夸口，只夸我们主耶稣基督的十字架。因这十字架，就我而论，世界已经钉在十字架上。就世界而论，我已经钉在十字架上。
But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.

6:15    受割礼不受割礼都无关紧要，要紧的就是作新造的人。
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.

6:16    凡照此理而行的，愿平安怜悯加给他们，和神的以色列民。
And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God.

6:17    从今以后，人都不要搅扰我。因为我身上带着耶稣的印记。
From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.

6:18    弟兄们，愿我主耶稣基督的恩常在你们心里。阿们。
Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.





新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


1:1    奉神旨意，作基督耶稣使徒的保罗，写信给在以弗所的圣徒，就是在基督耶稣里有忠心的人。
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:

1:2    愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父，和主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3    愿颂赞归与我们主耶稣基督的父神，他在基督里，曾赐给我们天上各样属灵的福气。
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:

1:4    就如神从创立世界以前，在基督里拣选了我们，使我们在他面前成为圣洁，无有瑕疵。
According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:

1:5    又因爱我们，就按着自己意旨所喜悦的，豫定我们，藉着耶稣基督得儿子的名分，
Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,

1:6    使他荣耀的恩典得着称赞。这恩典是他在爱子里所赐给我们的。
To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.

1:7    我们藉这爱子的血，得蒙救赎，过犯得以赦免，乃是照他丰富的恩典。
In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;

1:8    这恩典是神用诸般智慧聪明，充充足足赏给我们的，
Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;

1:9    都是照他自己所豫定的美意，叫我们知道他旨意的奥秘，
Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:

1:10    要照所安排的，在日期满足的时候，使天上地上一切所有的，都在基督里同归于一。
That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:

1:11    我们也在他里面得了基业，（得或作成）这原是那位随己意行作万事的，照着他旨意所豫定的。
In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:

1:12    叫他的荣耀，从我们这首先在基督里有盼望的人，可以得着称赞。
That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.

1:13    你们既听见真里的道，就是那叫你们得救的福音，也信了基督，既然信他，就受了所应许的圣灵为印记。
In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,

1:14    这圣灵，是我们得基业的凭据，（原文作质）直等到神之民（民原文作产业）被赎，使他的荣耀得着称赞。
Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.

1:15    因此，我既听见你们信从主耶稣，亲爱众圣徒，
Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,

1:16    就为你们不住的感谢神，祷告的时候，常题到你们。
Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;

1:17    求我们主耶稣基督的神，荣耀的父，将那赐人智慧和启示的灵，赏给你们，使你们真知道他。
That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:

1:18    并且照明你们心中的眼睛，使你们知道他的恩召有何等指望。他在圣徒中得的基业，有何等丰盛的荣耀。
The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,

1:19    并知道他向我们这信的人所显的能力，是何等浩大，
And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,

1:20    就是照他在基督身上，所运行的大能大力，使他从死里复活，叫他在天上坐在自己的右边，
Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,

1:21    远超过一切执政的，掌权的，有能的，主治的，和一切有名的。不但是今世的，连来世的也都超过了。
Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:

1:22    又将万有服在他的脚下，使他为教会作万有之首。
And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,

1:23    教会是他的身体，是那充满万有者所充满的。
Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.



新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


2:1    你们死在过犯罪恶之中，他叫你们活过来，
And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;

2:2    那时你们在其中行事为人随从今世的风俗，顺服空中掌权者的首领，就是现今在悖逆之子心中运行的邪灵。
Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:

2:3    我们从前也都在他们中间，放纵肉体的私欲，随着肉体和心中所喜好的去行，本为可怒之子，和别人一样。
Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.

2:4    然而神既有丰富的怜悯。因他爱我们的大爱，
But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,

2:5    当我们死在过犯中的时候，便叫我们与基督一同活过来。（你们得救是本乎恩）
Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)

2:6    他又叫我们与基督耶稣一同复活，一同坐在天上，
And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

2:7    要将他极丰富的恩典，就是他在基督耶稣里向我们所施的恩慈，显明给后来的世代看。
That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.

2:8    你们得救是本乎恩，也因着信，这并不是出于自己，乃是神所赐的。
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

2:9    也不是出于行为，免得有人自夸。
Not of works, lest any man should boast.

2:10    我们原是他的工作，在基督耶稣里造成的，为要叫我们行善，就是神所豫备叫我们行的。
For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.

2:11    所以你们应当记念，你们从前按肉体是外邦人，是称为没受割礼的，这名原是那些凭人手在肉身上称为受割礼之人所起的。
Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;

2:12    那时你们与基督无关，在以色列国民以外，在所应许的诸约上是局外人。并且活在世上没有指望，没有神。
That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:

2:13    你们从前远离神的人，如今却在基督耶稣里，靠着他的血，已经得亲近了。
But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.

2:14    因他使我们和睦，（原文作因他是我们的和睦）将两下合而为一，拆毁了中间隔断的墙。
For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;

2:15    而且以自己的身体，废掉冤仇，就是那记在律法上的规条。为要将两下，藉着自己造成一个新人，如此便成就了和睦。
Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;

2:16    既在十字架上灭了冤仇，便藉这十字架，使两下归为一体，与神和好了。
And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:

2:17    并且来传和平的福音给你们远处的人，也给那近处的人。
And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.

2:18    因为我们两下藉着他被一个圣灵所感得以进到父面前。
For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.

2:19    这样，你们不再作外人，和客旅，是与圣徒同国，是神家里的人了。
Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;

2:20    并且被建造在使徒和先知的根基上，有基督耶稣自己为房角石。
And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;

2:21    各（或作全）房靠他联络得合式，渐渐成为主的圣殿。
In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:

2:22    你们也靠他同被建造成为神藉着圣灵居住的所在。
In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.



新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


3:1    因此，我保罗为你们外邦人作了基督耶稣被囚的，替你们祈祷（此句乃照对十四节所加）
For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,

3:2    掠必你们曾听见神赐恩给我，将关切你们的职分托付我，
If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:

3:3    用启示使我知道福音的奥秘，正如我以前略略写过的。
How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words,

3:4    你们念了，就能晓得我是深知基督的奥秘。
Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)

3:5    这奥秘在以前的世代，没有叫人知道，像如今藉着圣灵启示他的圣使徒和先知一样。
Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;

3:6    这奥秘就是外邦人在基督耶稣里，藉着福音，得以同为后嗣，同为一体，同蒙应许。
That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:

3:7    我作了这福音的执事，是照神的恩赐。这恩赐是照他运行的大能赐给我的。
Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.

3:8    我本来比众圣徒中最小的还小。然而他还赐我这恩典，叫我把基督那测不透的丰富，传给外邦人。
Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;

3:9    又使众人都明白，这历代以来隐藏在创造万物之神里的奥秘，是如何安排的。
And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:

3:10    为要藉着教会使天上执政的，掌权的，现在得知神百般的智慧。
To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,

3:11    这是照神从万世以前，在我们主基督耶稣里所定的旨意。
According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:

3:12    我们因信耶稣，就在他里面放胆无惧，笃信不疑的来到神面前。
In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.

3:13    所以我求你们，不要因我为你们所受的患难丧胆。这原是你们的荣耀。
Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.

3:14    因此，我在父面前屈膝，
For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,

3:15    （天上地上的各（或作全）家，都是从他得名）
Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,

3:16    求他按着他丰盛的荣耀，藉着他的灵，叫你们心里的力量刚强起来，
That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;

3:17    使基督因你们的信，住在你们心里，叫你们的爱心，有根有基，
That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,

3:18    能以和众圣徒一同明白基督的爱，是何等长阔高深，
May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;

3:19    并且知道这爱是过于人所能测度的，便叫神一切所充满的，充满了你们。
And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.

3:20    神能照着运行在我们心里的大力，充充足足的成就一切超过我们所求所想的。
Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

3:21    但愿他在教会中，并在基督耶稣里，得着荣耀，直到世世代代，永永远远。阿们。
Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.



新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


4:1    我为主被囚的劝你们，既然蒙召，行事为人就当与蒙召的恩相称。
I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,

4:2    凡事谦虚，温柔，忍耐，用爱心互相宽容，
With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;

4:3    用和平彼此联络，竭力保守圣灵所赐合而为一的心。
Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

4:4    身体只有一个，圣灵只有一个，正如你们蒙召，同有一个指望，
There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;

4:5    一主，一信，一洗，
One Lord, one faith, one baptism,

4:6    一神，就是众人的父，超乎众人之上，贯乎众人之中，也住在众人之内。
One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.

4:7    我们各人蒙恩，都是照基督所量给各人的恩赐。
But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.

4:8    所以经上说，他升上高天的时候，掳掠了仇敌，将各样的恩赐赏给人。
Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.

4:9    （既说升上，岂不是先降在地下吗。
(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?

4:10    那降下的，就是远升诸天之上要充满万有的
He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)

4:11    他所赐的有使徒，有先知。有传福音的。有牧师和教师。
And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

4:12    为要成全圣徒，各尽其职，建立基督的身体。
For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:

4:13    直等到我们众人在真道上同归于一，认识神的儿子，得以长大成人，满有基督长成的身量。
Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:

4:14    使我们不再作小孩子，中了人的诡计，和欺骗的法术，被一切异教之风摇动，飘来飘去，就随从各样的异端。
That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;

4:15    惟用爱心说诚实话，凡事长进，连于元首基督。
But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:

4:16    全身都靠他联络得合式，百节各按各职，照着各体的功用，彼此相助，便叫身体渐渐增长，在爱中建立自己。
From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.

4:17    所以我说，且在主里确实的说，你们行事，不要再像外邦人存虚妄的心行事。
This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,

4:18    他们心地昏昧，与神所赐的生命隔绝了，都因自己无知，心里刚硬。
Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:

4:19    良心既然丧尽，就放纵私欲，贪行种种的污秽。
Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.

4:20    你们学了基督，却不是这样。
But ye have not so learned Christ;

4:21    如果你们听过他的道，领了他的教，学了他的真理，
If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:

4:22    就要脱去你们从前行为上的旧人。这旧人是因私欲的迷惑，渐渐变坏的。
That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;

4:23    又要将你们的心志改换一新。
And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;

4:24    并且穿上新人。这新人是照着神的形像造的，有真里的仁义，和圣洁。
And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.

4:25    所以你们要弃绝谎言，各人与邻舍说实话。因为我们是互相为肢体。
Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.

4:26    生气却不要犯罪。不可含怒到日落。
Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:

4:27    也不可给魔鬼留地步。
Neither give place to the devil.

4:28    从前偷窃的，不要再偷。总要劳力，亲手作正经事，就可有馀分给那缺少的人。我们工作不谨是为我们自己，也应当为别人。
Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.

4:29    污秽的言语，一句不可出口，只要随事说造就人的好话，叫听见的人得益处。
Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.

4:30    不要叫神的圣灵担忧。你们原是受了他的印记，等候得赎的日子来到。
And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

4:31    一切苦毒，脑恨，忿怒，囔闹，毁谤，并一切的恶毒，（或作阴毒）都当从你们中间除掉。
Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:

4:32    并要以恩慈相待，存怜悯的心，彼此饶恕，正如神在基督里饶恕了你们一样。
And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.



新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


5:1    所以你们该效法神，好像蒙慈爱的儿女一样。
Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;

5:2    也要凭爱心行事，正如基督爱我们，为我们舍了自己，当作馨香的供物，和祭物，献与神。
And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.

5:3    至于淫乱，并一切污秽，或是贪婪，在你们中间连题都不可，方合圣徒的体统。
But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;

5:4    淫词，妄语，和戏笑的话，都不相宜，总要说感谢的话。
Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.

5:5    因为你们确实的知道，无论是淫乱的，是污秽的，是有贪心的，在基督和神的国里，都是无分的。有贪心的，就与拜偶像的一样。
For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.

5:6    不要被人虚浮的话欺哄。因这些事，神的忿怒必临到那悖逆之子。
Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.

5:7    所以你们不要与他们同夥。
Be not ye therefore partakers with them.

5:8    从前你们是暗昧的，但如今在主里面是光明的，行事为人就当像光明的子女。
For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:

5:9    光明所结的果子，就是一切良善，公义，诚实。
(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)

5:10    总要察验何为主所喜悦的事。
Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.

5:11    那暗昧无益的事，不要与人同行，倒要责备行这事的人
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.

5:12    因为他们暗中所行的，就是题起来，也是可耻的。
For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.

5:13    凡事受了责备，就被光显明出来。因为一切能显明的，就是光。
But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.

5:14    所以主说，你这睡着的人，当醒过来，从死里复活，基督就要光照你了。
Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.

5:15    你们要谨慎行事，不要像愚昧人，当像智慧人。
See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,

5:16    要爱惜光阴，因为现今的世代邪恶。
Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.

5:17    不要作糊涂人，要明白主的旨意如何。
Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.

5:18    不要醉酒，酒能使人放荡，乃要被圣灵充满。
And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;

5:19    当用诗章，颂词，灵歌，彼此对说，口唱心和的赞美主。
Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;

5:20    凡事要奉我们主耶稣基督的名，常常感谢父神。
Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;

5:21    又当存敬畏基督的心，彼此顺服。
Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.

5:22    你们作妻子的，当顺服自己的丈夫，如同顺服主。
Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.

5:23    因为丈夫是妻子的头，如同基督是教会的头。他又是教会全体的救主。
For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.

5:24    教会怎样顺服基督，妻子也要怎样凡事顺服丈夫。
Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.

5:25    你们作丈夫的，要爱你们的妻子，正如基督爱教会，为教会舍己。
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;

5:26    要用水藉着道，把教会洗净，成为圣洁，
That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

5:27    可以献给自己，作个荣耀的教会，毫无玷污皱纹等类的病，乃是圣洁没有瑕疵的。
That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.

5:28    丈夫也当照样爱妻子，如同爱自己的身子。爱妻子，便是爱自己了。
So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself.

5:29    从来没有人恨恶自己的身子，总是保养顾惜，正像基督待教会一样。
For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:

5:30    因我们是他身上的肢体。（有古卷在此有就是他的骨他的肉）。
For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.

5:31    为这个缘故，人要离开父母，与妻子连合，二人成为一体。
For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.

5:32    这是极大的奥秘，但我是指着基督和教会说的。
This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.

5:33    然而你们各人都当爱妻子，如同爱自己一样。妻子也当敬重他的丈夫。
Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.



新约 -- 以弗所书(Ephesians) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


6:1    你们作儿女的，要在主里听从父母，这是理所当然的。
Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.



6:2    要孝敬父母，使你们得福，在世长寿。
Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;

6:3    *这是第一条带应许的诫命。
That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.

6:4    你们作父亲的，不要惹儿女的气，只要照着主的教训和警戒，养育他们。
And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.

6:5    你们作仆人的，要惧怕战兢，用诚实的心听从你们肉身的主人，好像听从基督一般。
Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;

6:6    不要只在眼前事奉，像是讨人喜欢的，要像基督的仆人，从心里遵行神的旨意。
Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;

6:7    甘心事奉，好像服事主，不像服事人。
With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:

6:8    因为晓得各人所行的善事，不论是为奴的，是自主的，都必按所行的得主的赏赐
Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.

6:9    你们作主人的待仆人，也是一理，不要威吓他们。因为知道他们和你们，同有一位主在天上，他并不偏待人。
And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.

6:10    我还有末了的话，你们要靠着主，倚赖他的大能大力，作刚强的人。
Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.

6:11    要穿戴神所赐的全副军装，就能抵挡魔鬼的诡计。
Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

6:12    因我们并不是与属血气的争战，乃是与那些执政的，掌权的，管辖这幽暗世界的，以及天空属灵气的恶魔争战。（两争战原都作摔跤）
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.

6:13    所以要拿起神所赐的全副军装，好在磨难的日子，抵挡仇敌，并且成就了一切，还能站立得住。
Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.

6:14    所以要站稳了，用真理当作带子束腰，用公义当作护心镜遮胸。
Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

6:15    又用平安的福音，当作豫备走路的鞋穿在脚上，
And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;

6:16    此外又拿着信德当作藤牌，可以灭尽那恶者一切的火箭。
Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

6:17    并戴上救恩的头盔，拿着圣灵的宝剑，就是神的道。
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:

6:18    靠着圣灵，随时多方祷告祈求，并要在此儆醒不倦，为众圣徒祈求，
Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;

6:19    也为我祈求，使我得着口才，能以放胆，开口讲明福音的奥秘，
And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,

6:20    （我为这福音的奥秘，作了带锁链的使者）并使我照着当尽的本分，放胆讲论。
For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.

6:21    今有所亲爱忠心事奉主的兄弟推基古，他要把我的事情并我的景况如何，全告诉你们叫你们知道。
But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:

6:22    我特意打发他到你们那里去，好叫你们知道我们的光景，又叫他安慰你们的心。
Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.

6:23    愿平安，仁爱，信心，从父神和主耶稣基督，归与弟兄。
Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

6:24    并愿所有诚心爱我们主耶稣基督的人，都蒙恩惠。
Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.





新约 -- 腓立比书(Philippians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


1:1    基督耶稣的仆人保罗，和提摩太，写信给凡住腓立比，在基督耶稣里的众圣徒，和诸位监督，诸位执事。
Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:

1:2    愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父，并主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3    我每逢想念你们，就感谢我的神。
I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,

1:4    （每逢为你们众人祈求的时候，常是欢欢喜喜的祈求）
Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy,

1:5    因为从头一天直到如今，你们是同心合意的兴旺福音。
For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;

1:6    我深信那在你们心里动了善工的，必成全这工，直到耶稣基督的日子。
Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:

1:7    我为你们众人有这样的意念，原是应当的。因你们常在我心里，无论我是在捆锁之中，是辩明证实福音的时候，你们都与我一同得恩。
Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.

1:8    我体会基督耶稣的心肠，切切的想念你们众人。这是神可以给我作见证的。
For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.

1:9    我所祷告的，就是要你们的爱心，在知识和各样见识上，多而又多。
And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;

1:10    使你们能分别是非，（或作喜爱那美好的事）作诚实无过的人，直到基督的日子。
That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ;

1:11    并靠着耶稣基督结满了仁义的果子，叫荣耀称赞归与神。
Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.

1:12    弟兄们，我愿意你们知道，我所遭遇的事，更是叫福音兴旺。
But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;

1:13    以致我受的捆锁，在御营全军，和其馀的人中，已经显明是为基督的缘故。
So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;

1:14    并且那在主里的弟兄，多半因我受的捆锁，就笃信不疑，越发放胆传神的道，无所惧怕。
And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.

1:15    有的传基督，是出于嫉妒分争。也有的是出于好意。
Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:

1:16    这一等是出于爱心，知道我是为辩明福音设立的。
The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:

1:17    那一等传基督是出于结党，并不诚实，意思要加增我捆锁的苦楚。
But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.

1:18    这有何防呢。或是假意，或是真心，无论怎样，基督究竟被传开了。为此我就欢喜，并且还要欢喜。
What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.

1:19    因为我知道这事藉着你们的祈祷，和耶稣基督之灵的帮助，终必叫我得救。
For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,

1:20    照着我所切慕所盼望的，没有一事教我羞愧，只要凡事放胆。无论是生，是死，总叫基督在我身上照常显大。
According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.

1:21    因我活着就是基督，我死了就有益处。
For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.

1:22    但我在肉身活着，若成就我工夫的果子，我就不知道该挑选什么。
But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not.

1:23    我正在两难之间，情愿离世与基督同在。因为这是好得无比的。
For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:

1:24    然而我在肉身活着，为你们更是要紧的。
Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.

1:25    我既然这样深信，就知道仍要住在世间，且与你们众人同住，使你们腓01：25）在所信的道上。又长进又喜乐。
And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;

1:26    叫你们在基督耶稣里的欢乐，因我再到你们那里去，就越发加增。
That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again.

1:27    只要你们行事为人与基督的福音相称。叫我或来见你们，或不在你们那里，可以听见你们的景况，知道你们同有一个心志，站立得稳，为所信的福音齐心努力。
Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;

1:28    凡事不怕敌人的惊吓。这是证明他们沉沦，你们得救，都是出于神。
And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.

1:29    因为你们蒙恩，不但得以信服基督，并要为他受苦。
For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;

1:30    你们的争战，就与你们在我身上从前所看见，现在所听见的一样。
Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.

新约 -- 腓立比书(Philippians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


2:1    所以在基督里若有什么劝勉，爱心有什么安慰，圣灵有什么交通，心中有什么慈悲怜悯，
If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,

2:2    你们就要意念相同，爱心相同，有一样的心思，有一样的意念，使我们的喜乐可以满足。
Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.

2:3    凡事不可结党，不可贪图虚浮的荣耀。只要存心谦卑，各人看别人比自己强。
Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.

2:4    各人不要单顾自己的事，也要顾别人的事。
Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.

2:5    你们当以基督耶稣的心为心。
Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:

2:6    他本有神的行像，不以自己与神同等为强夺的。
Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:

2:7    凡倒虚己，取了奴仆的形像，成为人的样式。
But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:

2:8    既有人的样子，就自己卑微，存心顺服，以至于死，且死在十字架上。
And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.

2:9    所以神将他升为至高，又赐给他那超乎万名之上的名，
Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:

2:10    叫一切在天上的，地上的，和地底下的，因耶稣的名，无不屈膝，
That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

2:11    无不口称耶稣基督为主，使荣耀归与父神。
And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

2:12    这样看来，我亲爱的弟兄你们既是常顺服的，不但我在你们那里，就是我如今不在你们那里，更是顺服的，就当恐惧战兢，作成你们得救的工夫。
Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.

2:13    因为你们立志行事，都是神在你们心里运行，为要成就他的美意。
For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.

2:14    凡所行的，都不要发怨言，起争论，
Do all things without murmurings and disputings:

2:15    使你们无可指摘，诚实无伪，在这弯曲悖谬的世代，作神无瑕无疵的儿女。你们显在这世代中，好像明光照耀，
That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;

2:16    将生命的道表明出来，叫我在基督的日子，好夸我没有空跑，也没有徒劳。
Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.

2:17    我以你们的信心为供献的祭物。我若被浇奠在其上，也是喜乐，并且与你们众人一同喜乐。
Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.

2:18    你们也要照样喜乐，并且与我一同喜乐。
For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.

2:19    我靠主耶稣指望快打发提摩太去见你们，叫我知道你们的事，心里就得着安慰。
But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.

2:20    因为我没有别人与我同心，实在挂念你们的事。
For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.

2:21    别人都求自己的事，并不求耶稣基督的事。
For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.

2:22    但你们知道提摩太的明证，他兴旺福音与我同劳，待我像儿子待父亲一样。
But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.

2:23    所以我一看出我的事要怎样了结，就盼望立刻打发他去。
Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.

2:24    但我靠着主，自信我也必快去。
But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.

2:25    然而我想必须打发以巴弗提到你们那里去。他是我的兄弟，与我一同作工，一同当兵，是你们所差遣的，也是供给我需用的。
Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.

2:26    他很想念你们众人，并且极其难过，因为你们听见他病了。
For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.

2:27    他实在是病了，几乎要死。然而神怜悯他，不但怜悯他，也怜悯我，免得我忧上加忧。
For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.

2:28    所以我越发急速打发他去，叫你们再见他，就可以喜乐，我也可以少些忧愁。
I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.

2:29    故此你们要在主里欢欢乐乐的接待他。而且要尊重这样的人。
Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:

2:30    因他为作基督的工夫，几乎至死，不顾性命，要补足你们供给我不及之处。
Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.

新约 -- 腓立比书(Philippians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


3:1    弟兄们，我还有话说，你们要靠主喜乐。我把这话再写给你们，于我并不为难，于你们却是妥当。
Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.

3:2    应当防备犬类，防备作恶的，防备妄自行割的。
Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.

3:3    因为真受割礼的，乃是我们这以神的灵敬拜，在基督耶稣里夸口，不靠着肉体的。
For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.

3:4    其实我也可以靠肉体。若是别人想他可以靠肉体，我更可以靠着了。
Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:

3:5    我第八天受割礼，我是以色列族，便雅悯支派的人，是希伯来人所生的希伯来人。就律法说，我是法利赛人。
Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;

3:6    就热心说，我是逼迫教会的。就律法上的义说，我是无可指摘的。
Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.

3:7    只是我先前以为与我有益的，我现在因基督都当作有损的。
But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.

3:8    不但如此，我也将万事都当有损的，因我以认识我主基督耶稣为至宝。
Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,

3:9    我为他已经丢弃万事，看作粪土，为要得着基督。并且得以在他里面，不是有自己因律法而得的义，乃是有信基督的义，就是因信神而来的义。
And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:

3:10    使我认识基督，晓得他复活的大能，并且晓得和他一同受苦，效法他的死。
That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;

3:11    或者我也得以从死里复活。
If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.

3:12    这不是说，我已经得着了，已经完全了。我乃是竭力追求，或者可以得着基督耶稣所以得着我的。（所以得着我的或作所要我得的）
Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.

3:13    弟兄们，我不是以为自己已经得着了。我只有一件事，就是忘记背后努力面前的，
Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,

3:14    向着标竿直跑，要得神在基督耶稣里从上面召我来得的奖赏。
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

3:15    所以我们中间凡是完全人，总要存这样的心。若在什么事上，存别样的心，神也必以此指示你们。
Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you.

3:16    然而我们到了什么地步，就当照着什么地步行。
Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.

3:17    弟兄们，你们要一同效法我，也当留意看那些照我们榜样行的人。
Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.

3:18    因为有许多人行事，是基督十字架的仇敌。我屡次告诉你们，现在又流泪的告诉你们。
(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:

3:19    他们的结局就是沉沦，他们的神就是自己的肚腹，他们以自己的羞辱为荣耀，专以地上的事为念。
Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.)

3:20    我们却是天上的国民。并且等候救主，就是主耶稣基督，从天上降临。
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:

3:21    他要按着那能叫万有归服自己的大能，将我们这卑贱的身体改变形状，和他自己荣耀的身体相似。
Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.

新约 -- 腓立比书(Philippians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


4:1    我所亲爱所想念的弟兄们，你们就是我的喜乐，我的冠冕。我亲爱的弟兄，你们应当靠主站立得稳。
Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.

4:2    我劝友阿爹和循都基，要在主里同心。
I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord.

4:3    我也求你这真实同负一轭的，帮助这两个女人，因为他们在福音上曾与我一同劳苦。还有革利免，并其馀和我一同作工的。他们的名字都在生命册上。
And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life.

4:4    你们要靠主常常喜乐。我再说，你们要喜乐。
Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.

4:5    当叫众人知道你们谦让的心。主已经近了。
Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.

4:6    应当一无挂虑，只要凡事藉着祷告，祈求，和感谢，将你们所要的告诉神。
Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.

4:7    神所赐出人意外的平安，必在基督耶稣里，保守你们的心怀意念。
And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.

4:8    弟兄们，我还有未尽的话。凡是真实的，可敬的，公义的，清洁的，可爱的，有美名的。若有什么德行，若有什么称赞，这些事你们都要思念。
Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.

4:9    你们在我身上所学习的，所领受的，所听见的，所看见的，这些事你们都要去行。赐平安的神，就必与你们同在。
Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.

4:10    我靠主大大的喜乐，因为你们思念我的心，如今又发生。你们向来就思念我，只是没有机会。
But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity.

4:11    我并不是因缺乏说这话，我无论在什么景况，都可以知足，这是我已经学会了。
Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.

4:12    我知道怎样处卑贱，也知道怎样处丰富，或饱足，或饥饿，或有馀，或缺乏，随事随在，我都得了秘诀。
I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.

4:13    我靠着那加给我力量的，凡事都能作。
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.

4:14    然而你们和我同受患难，原是美事。
Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction.

4:15    腓立比人哪，你们也知道我初传福音，离了马其顿的时候，论到授受的事，除了你们以外，并没有别的教会供给我。
Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only.

4:16    就是我在帖撒罗尼迦，你们也一次两次的，打发人供给我的需用。
For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity.

4:17    我并不求什么馈送，所求的就是你们的果子渐渐增多，归在你们的账上。
Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account.

4:18    但我样样都有，并且有馀。我已经充足，因我从以巴弗提受了你们的馈送，当作极美的香气，为神所收纳所喜悦的祭物。
But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.

4:19    我的神必照他荣耀的丰富，在基督耶稣里，使你们一切所需用的都充足。
But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.

4:20    愿荣耀归给我们的父神，直到永永远远。阿们。
Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

4:21    请问在基督耶稣里的各位圣徒安。在我这里的众弟兄都问你们安。
Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with me greet you.

4:22    众圣徒都问你们安。在凯撒家里的人特特的问你们安。
All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's household.

4:23    愿主耶稣基督的恩常在你们心里。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.



新约 -- 歌罗西书(Colossians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


1:1    奉神旨意，作基督耶稣使徒的保罗，和兄弟提摩太，
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,

1:2    写信给歌罗西的圣徒，在基督里有忠心的弟兄。愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父，归与你们。
To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3    我们感谢神我们主耶稣基督的父，常常为你们祷告。
We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,

1:4    因听见你们在基督耶稣里的信心，并向众圣徒的爱心。
Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,

1:5    是为那给你们存在天上的盼望。这盼望就是你们从前在福音真理的道上所听见的。
For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;

1:6    这福音传到你们那里，也传到普天之下，并且结果增长，如同在你们中间，自从你们听见福音，真知道神恩惠的日子一样。
Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:

1:7    正如你们从我们所亲爱，一同作仆人的以巴弗所学的。他为我们（有古卷你们）作了基督忠心的执事。
As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;

1:8    也把你们因圣灵所存的爱心告诉了我们。
Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.

1:9    因此，我们自从听见的日子，也就为你们不住的祷告祈求，愿你们在一切属灵的智慧悟性上，满心知道神的旨意。
For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;

1:10    好叫你们行事为人对得起主，凡事蒙他喜悦，在一切善事上结果子，渐渐的多知道神。
That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;

1:11    照他荣耀的权能，得以在各样的力上加力，好叫你们凡事欢欢喜喜的忍耐宽容。
Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;

1:12    又感谢父，叫我们能与众圣徒在光明中同得基业。
Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:

1:13    他救了我们脱离黑暗的权势，把我们迁到他爱子的国里。
Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:

1:14    我们在爱子里得蒙救赎，罪过得以赦免。
In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:

1:15    爱子是那不能看见之神的像，是首生的，在一切被造的以先。
Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:

1:16    因为万有都是靠他造的，无论是天上的，地上的，能看见的，不能看见的，或是有位的，主治的，执政的，掌权的，一概都是藉着他造的，又是为他造的。
For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:

1:17    他在万有之先，万有也靠他而立。
And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.

1:18    他也是教会全体之首。他是元始，是从死里首先复生的，使他可已在凡事上居首位。
And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.

1:19    因为父喜欢叫一切的丰盛，在他里面居住。
For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;

1:20    既然藉着他在十字架上所流的血，成就了和平，便藉着他叫万有，无论是地上的，天上的，都与自己和好了。
And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven.

1:21    你们从前与神隔绝，因着恶行，心里与他为敌。
And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled

1:22    但如今他藉着基督的肉身受死，叫你们与自己和好，都成了圣洁，没有瑕疵，无可责备，把你们引到自己面前。
In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:

1:23    只要你们在所信的道上恒心，根基稳固，坚定不移，不至被引动失去原文作离开福音的盼望。这福音就是你们所听过的，也是传与普天下万人听的。万人原文作凡受造的我保罗也作了这福音的执事。
If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;

1:24    现在我为你们受苦，倒觉欢乐，并且为基督的身体，就是为教会，要在我肉身上补满基督患难的缺欠。
Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:

1:25    我照神为你们所赐我的职分，作了教会的执事，要把神的道理传得全备。
Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;

1:26    这道理就是历世历代所隐藏的奥秘，但如今向他的圣徒显明了。
Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:

1:27    神愿意叫他们知道，这奥秘在外邦人中有何等丰盛的荣耀。就是基督在你们心里成了有荣耀的盼望。
To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:

1:28    我们传扬他，是用诸般的智慧，劝戒各人，教导各人。要把各人在基督里完完全全的引到神面前。
Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:

1:29    我也为此劳苦，照着他在我里面运用的大能，尽心竭力。
Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.



新约 -- 歌罗西书(Colossians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


2:1    我愿意你们晓得我为你们和老底嘉人，并一切没有与我亲自见面的人，是何等的尽心竭力。
For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;

2:2    要叫他们的心得安慰，因爱心互相联络，以致丰丰足足在悟性中有充足的信心，使他们真知道神的奥秘，就是基督。
That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;

2:3    所积蓄的一切智慧知识，都在他里面藏着。
In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.

2:4    我说这话，免得有人用花言巧语迷惑你们。
And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.

2:5    我身子虽与你们相离，心却与你们同在，见你们循规蹈矩，信基督的心也坚固，我就欢喜了。
For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ.

2:6    你们既然接受了主基督耶稣，就当遵他而行。
As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:

2:7    在他里面生根建造，信心坚固，正如你们所领的教训，感谢的心也更增长了。
Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.

2:8    你们要谨慎，恐怕有人用他的理学，和虚空的妄言，不照着基督，乃照人间的遗传，和世上的小学，就把你们掳去。
Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.

2:9    因为神本性一切的丰盛，都有形有体的居住在基督里面。
For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

2:10    你们在他里面也得了丰盛。他是各样执政掌权者的元首。
And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:

2:11    你们在他里面，也受了不是人手所行的割礼，乃是基督使你们脱去肉体情欲的割礼。
In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:

2:12    你们既受洗与他一同埋葬，也就在此与他一同复活。都因信那叫他从死里复活神的功用
Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.

2:13    你们从前在过犯，和未受割礼的肉体中死了，神赦免了你们（或作我们）一切过犯，便叫你们与基督一同活过来。
And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;

2:14    又涂抹了在律例上所写，攻击我们有碍于我们的字据，把他撤去，钉在十字架上。
Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;

2:15    既将一切执政的掌权的掳来，明显给众人看，就仗着十字架夸胜。
And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.

2:16    所以不拘在饮食上，或节期，月朔，安息日，都不可让人论断你们。
Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:

2:17    这些原是后事的影儿。那形体却是基督。
Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.

2:18    不可让人因着故意谦虚，和敬拜天使，就夺去你们的奖赏。这等人拘泥在所见过的，（有古卷作这等人窥察所没有见过的）随着自己的欲心，无故的自高自大，
Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,

2:19    不持定元首，全身既然靠着他筋节得以相助联络，就因神大得长进。
And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God.

2:20    你们若是与基督同死，脱离了世上的小学，为什么仍像在世俗中活着，
Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,

2:21    服从那不可拿，不可尝，不可摸，等类的规条呢。
(Touch not; taste not; handle not;

2:22    这都是照人所吩咐所教导的。说到这一切正用的时候就都败坏了。
Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?

2:23    这些规条，使人徒有智慧之名，用私意崇拜，自表谦卑，苦待己身，其实在克制肉体的情欲上，是毫无功效。
Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body; not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh.



新约 -- 歌罗西书(Colossians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


3:1    所以你们若真与基督一同复活，就当求在上面的事。那里有基督坐在神的右边。
If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.

3:2    你们要思念上面的事，不要思念地上的事。
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.

3:3    因为你们已经死了，你们的生命与基督一同藏在神里面。
For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.

3:4    基督是我们的生命，他显现的时候，你们也要与他一同显现在荣耀里。
When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.

3:5    所以要治死你们在地上的肢体。就如淫乱，污秽，邪情，恶欲，和贪婪，贪婪就与拜偶像一样。
Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:

3:6    因这些事，神的忿怒必临到那悖逆之子。
For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:

3:7    当你们在这些事中活着的时候，也曾这样行过。
In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.

3:8    但现在你们要弃绝这一切的事，以及恼恨，忿怒，恶毒，（或作阴毒）毁谤，并口中污秽的言语。
But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.

3:9    不要彼此说谎，因你们已经脱去旧人和旧人的行为，
Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;

3:10    穿上了新人。这新人在知识上渐渐更新，正如造他主的形像。
And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:

3:11    在此并不分希腊人，犹太人，受割礼的，未受割礼的，化外人，西古提人，为奴的，自主的，惟有基督是包括一切，又住在各人之内。
Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.

3:12    所以你们既是神的选民，圣洁蒙爱的人，就要存（原文作穿下同）怜悯，恩慈，谦虚，温柔，忍耐的心。
Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;

3:13    倘若这人与那人有嫌隙，总要彼此包容，彼此饶恕。主怎样饶恕了你们，你们也要怎样饶恕人。
Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.

3:14    在这一切之外，要存着爱心。爱心就是联络全德的。
And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness.

3:15    又要叫基督的平安在你们心里作主。你们也为此蒙召，归为一体。且要存感谢的心。
And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful.

3:16    当用各样的智慧，把基督的道里，丰丰富富的存在心里，（或作当把基督的道里丰丰富富的存在心里以各样的智慧）用诗章，颂词，灵歌，彼此教导，互相劝戒，心被恩感歌颂神。
Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.

3:17    无论作什么，或说话，或行事，都要奉主耶稣的名，藉着他感谢父神。
And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.

3:18    你们作妻子的，当顺服自己的丈夫，这在主里面是相宜的。
Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.

3:19    你们作丈夫的，要爱你们的妻子，不可苦待他们。
Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.

3:20    你们作儿女的，要凡事听从父母，因为这是主所喜悦的。
Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord.

3:21    你们作父亲的，不要惹儿女的气，恐怕他们失去志气。
Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.

3:22    你们作仆人的，要凡事听从你们肉身的主人，不要只在眼前事奉，像是讨人喜欢的，总要存心诚实敬畏主。
Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God:

3:23    无论作什么，都要从心里作，像是给主作的，不是给人作的。
And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;

3:24    因你们知道从主那里，必得着基业为赏赐。你们所事奉的乃是主基督。
Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.

3:25    那行不义的，必受不义的报应。主不偏待人。
But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons.



新约 -- 歌罗西书(Colossians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


4:1    你们作主人的，要公公平平的待仆人，因为知道你们也有一位主在天上。
Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven.

4:2    你们要恒切祷告，在此儆醒感恩。
Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;

4:3    也要为我们祷告，求神给我们开传道的门，能以讲基督的奥秘，（我为此被捆锁）。
Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:

4:4    叫我按着所该说的话，将这奥秘发明出来。
That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.

4:5    你们要爱惜光阴，用智慧与外人交往。
Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.

4:6    你们的言语要常常带着和气，好像用盐调和，就可知道该怎样回答各人。
Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.

4:7    有我亲爱的兄弟推基古要将我一切的事都告诉你们。他是忠心的执事，和我一同作主的仆人。
All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:

4:8    我特意打发他到你们那里去，好叫你们知道我们的光景，又叫他安慰你们的心。
Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;

4:9    我又打发一位亲爱忠心的兄弟阿尼西母同去。他也是你们那里的人。他们要把这里一切的事都告诉你们。
With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here.

4:10    与我一同坐监的亚里达古问你们安。巴拿巴的表弟马可也问你们安。（说到这马可，你们已经受了吩咐。他若到了你们那里，你们就接待他
Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you, receive him;)

4:11    耶数又称犹士都，也问你们安。奉割里的人中，只有这三个人，是为神的国与我一同作工的。也是叫我心里得安慰的。
And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me.

4:12    有你们那里的人，作基督耶稣仆人的以巴弗问你们安。他在祷告之间，常为你们竭力的祈求，愿你们在神一切的旨意上，得以完全。信心充足，能站立得稳。
Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God.

4:13    他为你们和老底嘉并希拉波立的弟兄，多多的劳苦。这是我可以给他作见证的。
For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.

4:14    所亲爱的医生路加，和底马问你们安。
Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.

4:15    请问老底嘉的弟兄和宁法，并他家里的教会安。
Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in his house.

4:16    你们念了这书信，便交给老底嘉的教会，叫他们也念。你们也要念从老底嘉来的书信。
And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.

4:17    要对亚基布说，务要谨慎，尽你从主所受的职分。
And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it.

4:18    我保罗亲笔问你们安。你们要记念我的捆锁。愿恩惠常与你们同在。
The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen.





新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦前书(1 Thessalonians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


1:1    保罗，西拉，提摩太，写信给帖撒罗尼迦在父神和主耶稣基督里的教会。愿恩惠平安归与你们。
Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:2    我们为你们众人常常感谢神，祷告的时候题到你们。
We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;

1:3    在神我们的父面前，不住的记念你们因信心所作的工夫，因爱心所受的劳苦，因盼望我们主耶稣基督所存的忍耐。
Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;

1:4    被神所爱的弟兄阿，我知道你们是蒙拣选的。
Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God.

1:5    因为我们的福音传到你们那里，不独在乎言语，也在乎权能和圣灵，并充足的信心，正如你们知道我们在你们那里，为你们的缘故是怎样为人。
For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.

1:6    并且你们在大难之中，蒙了圣灵所赐的喜乐，领受真道，就效法我们，也效法了主。
And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost:

1:7    甚至你们作了马其顿和亚该亚，所有信主之人的榜样。
So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia.

1:8    因为主的道从你们那里已经传杨出来，你们向神的信心不但在马其顿和亚该亚，就是在各处，也都传开了。所以不用我们说什么话。
For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.

1:9    因为他们自己已经报明我们是怎样进到你们那里，你们是怎样离弃偶像归向神，要服事那又真又活的神，
For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and true God;

1:10    等候他儿子从天降临，就是他从死里复活的，那位救我们脱离将来忿怒的耶稣。
And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦前书(1 Thessalonians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


2:1    弟兄们，你们自己原晓得我们进到你们那里，并不是徒然的。
For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it was not in vain:

2:2    我们从前在腓立比被害受辱，这是你们知道的。然而还是靠我们的神放开胆量，在大争战中把神的福音传给你们。
But even after that we had suffered before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention.

2:3    我们的劝勉，不是出于错误，不是出于污秽，也不是用诡诈。
For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:

2:4    但神既然验中了我们，把福音托付我们，我们就照样讲，不是要讨人喜欢，乃是要讨那察验我们心的神喜欢。
But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts.

2:5    因为我们从来没有用过谄媚的话，这是你们知道的。也没有藏着贪心，这是神可以作见证的。
For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:

2:6    我们作基督的使徒，虽然可以叫人尊重，却没有向你们或向别人求荣耀，
Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.

2:7    只在你们中间存心温柔，如同母亲乳养自己的孩子。
But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:

2:8    我们既是这样爱你们，不但愿意将神的福音给你们，连自己的性命也愿意给你们，因你们是我们所疼爱的。
So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us.

2:9    弟兄们，你们记念我们的辛苦劳碌，昼夜作工，传神的福音给你们，免得叫你们一人受累。
For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God.

2:10    我们向你们信主的人，是何等圣洁，公义，无可指摘，有你们作见证，也有神作见证。
Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:

2:11    你们也晓得我们怎样劝勉你们，安慰你们，嘱咐你们各人，好像父亲待自己的儿女一样。
As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children,

2:12    要叫你们行事对得起那召你们进他国得他荣耀的神。
That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory.

2:13    为此，我们也不住的感谢神，因你们听见我们所传神的道，就领受了，不以为是人的道，乃以为是神的道。这道实在是神的，并且运行在你们信主的人心中。
For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.

2:14    弟兄们，你们曾效法犹太中，在基督耶稣里神的各教会。因为你们也受了本地人的苦害，像他们受了犹太人的苦害一样。
For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:

2:15    这犹太人杀了主耶稣和先知，又把我们赶出去。他们不得神的喜悦，且与众人为敌。
Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:

2:16    不许我们传道给外邦人使外邦人得救，常常充满自己的罪恶。神的忿怒临在他们身上已经到了极处。
Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.

2:17    弟兄们，我们暂时与你们离别，是面目离别，心里却不离别，我们极力的想法子，很愿意见你们的面。
But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your face with great desire.

2:18    所以我们有意到你们那里，我保罗有一两次要去，只是撒但阻挡了我们。
Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us.

2:19    我们的盼望和喜乐，并所夸的冠冕，是什么呢。岂不是我们主耶稣来的时候你们在他面前删立得住吗。
For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?

2:20    因为你们就是我们的荣耀，我们的喜乐。
For ye are our glory and joy.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦前书(1 Thessalonians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


3:1    我们既不能再忍，就愿意独自等在雅典。
Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone;

3:2    打发我们的兄弟在基督福音上作神执事的提摩太前去，（作神执事的有古卷作与神同工的）坚固你们，并在你们所信的道上劝慰你们。
And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith:

3:3    免得有人被诸般患难摇动。因为你们自己知道我们受患难原是命定的。
That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto.

3:4    我们在你们那里的时候，豫先告诉你们，我们必受患难，以后果然应验了，你们也知道。
For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know.

3:5    为此，我既不能再忍，就打发人去，要晓得你们的信心如何，恐怕那诱惑人的到底诱惑了你们，叫我们的劳苦归于徒然。
For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labour be in vain.

3:6    但提摩太刚才从你们那里回来，将你们信心和爱心的好消息报给我们，又说你们常常记念我们，切切的想见我们，如同我们想见你们一样。
But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:

3:7    所以弟兄们，我们在一切困苦患难之中，因着你们的信心就得了安慰。
Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith:

3:8    你们若靠主站立得稳，我们就活了。
For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord.

3:9    我们在神面前，因着你们甚是喜乐，为这一切喜乐，可用何等的感谢，为你们报答神呢。
For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;



3:10    我们昼夜切切的祈求，要见你们的面，补满你们信心的不足。
Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?

3:11    愿神我们的父，和我们的主耶稣，一直引领我们到你们那里去。
Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.

3:12    又愿主叫你们彼此相爱的心，并爱众人的心，都能增长，充足，如同我们爱你们一样。
And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:

3:13    好使你们，当我们主耶稣同他众圣徒来的时候，在我们父神面前，心里坚固，成为圣洁，无可责备。
To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦前书(1 Thessalonians) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


4:1    弟兄们，我还有话说。我们靠着主耶稣求你们，劝你们，你们既然受了我们的教训，知道该怎样行，可以讨神的喜悦，就要照你们现在所行的，更加勉励。
Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more.

4:2    你们原晓得我们凭主耶稣传给你们什么命令。
For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.

4:3    神的旨意就是要你们成为圣洁，远避淫行。
For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:

4:4    要你们各人晓得怎样用圣洁尊贵，守着自己的身体。
That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour;

4:5    不放纵私欲的邪情，像那不认识神的外邦人。
Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:

4:6    不要一个人在这事上越分，欺负他的弟兄。因为这一类的事，主必报应，正如我豫先对你们说过，又切切嘱咐你们的。
That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified.

4:7    神召我们，本不是要我们沾染污秽，乃是要我们成为圣洁。
For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.

4:8    所以那弃绝的，不是弃绝人，乃是弃绝那赐圣灵给你们的神。
He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit.

4:9    论到弟兄们相爱，不用人写信给你们，因为你们自己蒙了神的教训，叫你们彼此相爱。
But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.

4:10    你们向马其顿全地的众弟兄，固然是这样行，但我劝弟兄们要更加勉励。
And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;

4:11    又要立志作安静人，办自己的事，亲手作工，正如我们从前所吩咐你们的。
And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;

4:12    叫你们可以向外人行事端正，自己也就没有什么缺乏了。
That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing.

4:13    论到睡了的人，我们不愿意弟兄们不知道，恐怕你们忧伤，像那些没有指望的人一样。
But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.

4:14    我们若信耶稣死而复活了，那已经在耶稣里睡了的人，神也必将他与耶稣一同带来。
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.

4:15    我们现在照主的话告诉你们一件事。我们这活着还存留到主降临的人，断不能在那已经睡了的人之先。
For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.

4:16    因为主必亲自从天降临，有呼叫的声音，和天使长的声音，又有神的号吹响。那在基督里死了的人必先复活。
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:

4:17    以后我们这活着还存留的人，必和他们一同被提到云里，在空中与主相遇。这样，我们就要和主永远同在。
Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.



4:18    所以你们当用这些话彼此劝慰。
Wherefore comfort one another with these words.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦前书(1 Thessalonians) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


5:1    弟兄们，论到时候日期，不用写信给你们。
But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you.

5:2    因为你们自己明明晓得，主的日子来到，好像夜间的贼一样。
For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night.

5:3    人正说平安稳妥的时候，灾祸忽然临到他们，如同叁难临到怀胎的妇人一样，他们绝不能逃脱。
For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.

5:4    弟兄们，你们却不在黑暗里，叫那日子临到你们像贼一样。
But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief.

5:5    你们都是光明之子，都是白昼之子，我们不是属黑夜的，也不是属幽暗的。
Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are not of the night, nor of darkness.

5:6    所以我们不要睡觉，像别人一样，总要儆醒谨守。
Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober.

5:7    因为睡了的人是在夜间睡。醉了的人是在夜间醉。
For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night.

5:8    但我们既然属乎白昼，就应当谨守，把信和爱当作护心镜遮胸。把得救的盼望当作头盔戴上。
But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation.

5:9    因为神不是豫定我们受刑，乃是豫定我们藉着我们主耶稣基督得救。
For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,

5:10    他替我们死，叫我们无论醒着睡着，都与他同活。
Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.

5:11    所以你们该彼此劝慰，互相建立，正如你们素常所行的。
Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do.

5:12    弟兄们，我们劝你们敬重那在你们中间劳苦的人，就是在主里面治理你们，劝戒你们的。
And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you;

5:13    又因他们所作的工，用爱心格外尊重他们，你们也要彼此和睦。
And to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be at peace among yourselves.

5:14    我们又劝弟兄们，要警戒不守规矩的人。勉励灰心的人。扶助软弱的人。也要向众人忍耐。
Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men.

5:15    你们要谨慎，无论是谁都不可以恶报恶。或是彼此相待，或是待众人，常要追求良善。
See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.

5:16    要常常喜乐。
Rejoice evermore.

5:17    不住的祷告。
Pray without ceasing.

5:18    凡事谢恩。因为这是神在基督耶稣里向你们所定的旨意。
In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.

5:19    不要销灭圣灵的感动。
Quench not the Spirit.

5:20    不要藐视先知的讲论。
Despise not prophesyings.

5:21    但要凡事察验。善美的要持守。
Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.

5:22    各样的恶事要禁戒不作。
Abstain from all appearance of evil.

5:23    愿赐平安的神，亲自使你们全然成圣。又愿你们的灵，与魂，与身子，得蒙保守，在我主耶稣基督降临的时候，完全无可指摘。
And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.

5:24    那召你们的本是信实的，他必成就这事。
Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it.

5:25    请弟兄们为我们祷告。
Brethren, pray for us.

5:26    与众弟兄亲嘴问安务要圣洁。
Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss.

5:27    我指着主嘱咐你们，要把这信念给众弟兄听。
I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren.

5:28    愿我主耶稣基督的恩常与你们同在。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.






新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦后书(2 Thessalonians) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


1:1    保罗，西拉，提摩太，写信给帖撒罗尼迦在神我们的父，与主耶稣基督里的教会。
Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:

1:2    愿恩惠平安，从父神和主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3    弟兄们，我们该为你们常常感谢神，这本是合宜的。因你们的信心格外增长，并且你们众人彼此相爱的心也都充足。
We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;

1:4    甚至我们在神的各教会里为你们夸口，都因你们在所受的一切逼迫患难中，仍旧存忍耐和信心。
So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:

1:5    这正是神公义判断的明证。叫你们可算配得神的国，你们就是为这国受苦。
Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:

1:6    神既是公义的，就必将患难报应那加患难给你们的人。
Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;

1:7    也必使你们这受患难的人，与我们同得平安。那时，主耶稣同他有能力的天使从天上在火焰中显现，
And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,

1:8    要报应那不认识神，和那不听从我主耶稣福音的人。
In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:

1:9    他们要受刑罚，就是永远沉沦，离开主的面和他权能的荣光。
Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power;

1:10    这正是主降临要在他圣徒的身上得荣耀，又在一切信的人身上显为希奇的那日子。（我们对你们作的见证，你们也信了。）
When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.



1:11    因此，我们常为你们祷告，愿我们的神看你们配得过所蒙的召。又用大能成就你们一切所羡慕的良善，和一切因信心所作的工夫。
Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:

1:12    叫我们主耶稣的名在你们身上得荣耀，你们也在他们身上得荣耀，都照着我们的神并主耶稣基督的恩。
That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦后书(2 Thessalonians) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　　


2:1    弟兄们，论到我们主耶稣基督降临，和我们到他那里聚集，
Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him,

2:2    我劝你们，无论有灵有言语，有冒我名的书信，说主的日子现在到了，（现在或作就）不要轻易动心，也不要惊慌。
That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.

2:3    人不拘用什吗法子，你们总不要被他诱惑，因为那日子以前，必有离道反教的事，并有那大罪人，就是沈沦之子，显露出来。
Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;

2:4    他是抵挡主，高抬自己，超过一切称为神的，和一切受人敬拜的。甚至坐在神的殿里，自称是神。
Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.

2:5    我还在你们那里的时候，曾把这些事告诉你们，你们不记得吗。
Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?

2:6    现在你们也知道那拦阻他的是什么，是叫他到了的时候，才可以显露。
And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time.

2:7    因为那不法的隐意已经发动。只是现在有一个拦阻的，等到那拦阻的被除去。
For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way.

2:8    那时这不法的人，必显露出来。主耶稣要用口中的气灭绝他，用降临的荣光废掉他。
And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:

2:9    这不法的人来，是照撒但的运动，行各样的异能神迹，和一切虚假的奇事，
Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,

2:10    并且在那沉沦的人身上，行各样出于不义的诡诈。因为他们不领受真理的心，使他们得救。
And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.

2:11    故此，神就给他们一个生发错误的心，叫他们信从虚谎。
And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie:

2:12    使一切不信真理，倒喜爱不义的人，都被定罪。
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.

2:13    主所爱的弟兄哪，我们本该常为你们感谢神。因为他从起初拣选了你们，叫你们因信真道，又被圣灵感动，成为圣洁，能以得救。
But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:

2:14    神藉我们所传的福音，召你们到这地步，好得着我们主耶稣基督的荣光。
Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.

2:15    所以弟兄们，你们要站立得稳，凡所领受的教训，不拘是我们口传的，是信上写的，都要坚守。
Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle.

2:16    但愿我们主耶稣基督，和那爱我们，开恩将永远的安慰，并美好的盼望，赐给我们的父神，
Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace,

2:17    安慰你们的心，并且在一切善行善言上，坚固你们。
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work.




新约 -- 帖撒罗尼迦后书(2 Thessalonians) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


3:1    弟兄们，我还有话说，请你们为我们祷告，好叫主的道理快快行开，得着荣耀，正如在你们中间一样。
Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:

3:2    也叫我们脱离无理之恶人的手。因为人不都是有信心。
And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith.

3:3    但主是信实的，要坚固你们，保护你们脱离那恶者。（或作脱离凶恶）
But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil.

3:4    我们靠主深信你们现在是遵行我们所吩咐的，后来也必要遵行。
And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command you.

3:5    愿主引导你们的心，叫你们爱神并学基督的忍耐。
And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.

3:6    弟兄们，我们奉主耶稣基督的名吩咐你们，凡有弟兄不按规矩而行，不遵守从我们所受的教训，就当远离他。
Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.

3:7    你们自己原知道应当怎样效法我们。因为我们在你们中间，未尝不按规矩而行。
For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;

3:8    也未尝白吃人的饭。倒是辛苦劳碌，昼夜作工，免得叫你们一人受累。
Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:

3:9    这并不是因我们没有权柄，乃是要给你们作榜样，叫你们效法我们。
Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us.

3:10    我们在你们那里的时候，曾吩咐你们说，若有人不肯作工，就不可吃饭。
For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.

3:11    因我们听说，在你们中间有人不按规矩而行，什么工都不作，反倒专管闲事。
For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies.

3:12    我们靠主耶稣基督，吩咐劝戒这样的人，要安静作工，吃自己的饭。
Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.

3:13    弟兄们，你们行善不可丧志。
But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing.

3:14    若有人不听从我们这信上的话，要记下他，不和他交往，叫他自觉羞愧。
And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.

3:15    但不要以他为仇人，要劝他如弟兄。
Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.

3:16    愿赐平安的主，随时随事亲自给你们平安。愿主常与你们众人同在。
Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all.

3:17    我保罗亲笔问你们安。凡我的信都以此为记。我的笔迹就是这样。
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.

3:18    愿我们主耶稣基督的恩，常与你们众人同在。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.






新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


1:1    奉我们救主神，和我们的盼望基督耶稣之命，作基督耶稣使徒的保罗，
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;

1:2    写信给那因信主作我真儿子的提摩太。愿恩惠怜悯平安，从父神和我们主基督耶稣，归与你。
Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.

1:3    我往马其顿去的时候，曾劝你仍住在以弗所，好嘱咐那几个人，不可传异教，
As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,

1:4    也不可听从荒渺无凭的话语，和无穷的家谱。这等事只生辩论，并不发明神在信上所立的章程。
Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do.

1:5    但命令的总归就是爱。这爱是从清洁的心，和无亏的良心，无伪的信心，生出来的。
Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:

1:6    有人偏离这些，反去讲虚浮的话。
From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;

1:7    想要作教法师，却不明白自己所讲说的，所论定的。
Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.

1:8    我们知道律法原是好的，只要人用得合宜。
But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;

1:9    因为律法不是为义人设立的，乃是为不法和不服的，不虔诚和犯罪的，不圣洁和恋世俗的，弑父母和杀人的，
Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,

1:10    行淫和亲男色的，抢人口和说谎话的，并起假誓的，或是为别样敌正道的事设立的。
For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;

1:11    这是照着可称颂之神交托我荣耀福音说的。
According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.

1:12    我感谢那给我力量的，我们主基督耶稣，因他以我有忠心，派我服事他。
And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;

1:13    我从前是亵渎神的，逼迫人的，悔慢人的。然而我还蒙了怜悯，因我是不信不明白的时候而作的。
Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.

1:14    并且我主的恩是格外丰盛，使我在基督耶稣里有信心和爱心。
And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.

1:15    基督耶稣降世，为要拯救罪人。这话是可信的，是十分可佩服的。在罪人中我个是罪魁。
This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.

1:16    然而我蒙了怜悯，是因耶稣基督要在我这罪魁身上，显明他一切的忍耐，给后来信他得永生的人作榜样。
Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.

1:17    但愿尊贵，荣耀归与那不能朽坏不能看见永世的君王，独一的神，直到永永远远。阿们。
Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.

1:18    我儿提摩太阿，我照从前指着你的预言，将这命令交托你，叫你因此可以打那美好的杖。
This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;

1:19    常存信心，和无亏的良心。有人丢弃良心，就在真道上如同船破坏了一般。
Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:

1:20    其中有许米乃和亚历山大。我已经把他们交给撒但，使他们受责罚，就不再谤渎了。
Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme.




新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


2:1    我劝你第一要为万人恳求祷告，代求，祝谢。
I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;

2:2    为君王和一切在位的也该如此。使我们可以敬虔端正，平安无事的度日。
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.

2:3    这是好的，在神我们救主面前可蒙悦讷。
For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;

2:4    他愿意万人得救，明白真道。
Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.

2:5    因为只有一位神，在神和人中间，只有一位中保，乃是降世为人的基督耶稣。
For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;

2:6    他舍自己作万人的赎价。到了时候，这事必证明出来。
Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.

2:7    我为此奉派，作传道的，作使徒，作外邦人的师傅，教导他们相信，学习涉道。我说的是真话，并不是谎言。
Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity.

2:8    我愿男人无忿怒，无争论，（争论或作疑惑），举起圣洁的手，随处祷告。
I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.

2:9    又愿女人廉耻，自守，以正派衣裳为妆饰，不以编发，黄金，珍珠，和贵价的衣裳为妆饰。
In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;

2:10    只要有善行。这才与自称是敬神的女人相宜。
But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.

2:11    女人要沉静学道，一味的顺服。
Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.

2:12    我不许女人讲道，也不许他辖管男人，只要沉静。
But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.

2:13    因为先造的是亚当，后造的是夏娃。
For Adam was first formed, then Eve.

2:14    且不是亚当被引诱，乃是女人被引诱，陷在罪里。
And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.

2:15    然而女人若常存信心爱心，又圣洁自守，就必在生产上得救。
Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.




新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


3:1    人若想得监督的职分，就是羡慕善工。这话是可信的。
This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.

3:2    作监督的，必须无可指责，只作一个妇人的丈夫，有节制，自守，端正。乐意接待远人，善于教导。
A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;

3:3    不因酒滋事，不打人，只要温和，不争竞，不贪财。
Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;

3:4    好好管理自己的家，使儿女凡事端庄顺服。（或作端端庄庄的使儿女顺服）
One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;

3:5    人若不知道管理自己的家，焉能照管神的教会呢。
(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)

3:6    初入教的不可作监督，恐怕他自高自大，就落在魔鬼所受的刑罚里。
Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.

3:7    监督也必须在教外有好名声，恐怕被人毁谤，落在魔鬼的网罗里。
Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.

3:8    论执事的也是如此，必须端庄，不一口两舌，不好喝酒，不贪不义之财。
Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;

3:9    要存清洁的良心，固守真道的奥秘。
Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.

3:10    这等人也要先受试验。若没有可责之处，然后叫他们作执事。
And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless.

3:11    女执事（原文作女人）也是如此，必须端庄，不说谗言，有节制，凡事忠心。
Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.

3:12    执事只要作一个妇人的丈夫，好好管理儿女和自己的家。
Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.

3:13    因为善作执事的，自己就得到美好的地步，并且在基督耶稣里的真道上大有胆量。
For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.

3:14    我指望快到你那里去，所以先将这些事写给你。
These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:

3:15    倘若我耽延日久，你也可以知道在神的家中当怎样行。这家就是永生神的教会，真理的柱石和根基。
But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.

3:16    大哉，敬虔的奥秘，无人不以为然，就是神在肉身显现，被圣灵称义，（或作在灵性称义），被天使看见，被传于外邦，被世人信服，被接在荣耀里。
And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.




新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


4:1    圣灵明说，在后来的时候，必有人离弃真道，听从那引诱人的（邪）灵，和鬼魔的道理。
Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;

4:2    这是因为说谎之人的假冒。这等人的良心，如同被热铁烙惯了一般。
Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;

4:3    他们禁止嫁娶，又禁戒食物，（或作又叫人戒荤）就是神所造叫那信而明白真道的人，感谢着领受的。
Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.

4:4    凡神所造的物，都是好的。若感谢着领受，就没有一样可弃的。
For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:

4:5    都因神的道和人的祈求，成为圣洁了。
For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.

4:6    你若将这些事题醒弟兄们，便是基督耶稣的好执事，在真道的话语，和你向来所服从的善道上，得了教育。
If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.

4:7    只是要弃绝那世俗的言语，和老妇荒渺的话，在敬虔上操练自己。
But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness.

4:8    操练身体，益处还少。惟独敬虔，凡事都有益处。因有今生和来生的应许。
For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.

4:9    这话是可信的，是十分可佩服的。
This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.

4:10    我们劳苦努力，正是为此。因我们的指望在乎永生的神。他是万人的救主，更是信徒的救主。
For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.

4:11    这些事你要吩咐人，也要教导人。
These things command and teach.

4:12    不可叫人小看你年轻。总要在言语，行为，爱心，信心，清洁上，都作信徒的榜样。
Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.

4:13    你要以宣读，劝勉，教导为念，直等到我来。
Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.

4:14    你不可轻忽所得的恩赐，就是从前藉着预言，在众长老按手的时候，赐给你的。
Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.

4:15    这些事你要殷勤去作，并要在此专心，使众人看出你的长进来。
Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all.

4:16    你要谨慎自己和自己的教训，要在这些事上恒心。因为这样行，又能救自己，又能救听你的人。
Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.




新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　　


5:1    不可严责老年人，只要劝他们如同父亲。劝少年人如同弟兄。
Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;

5:2    劝老年妇女如同母亲。劝少年妇女如同姐妹。总要清清洁洁的。
The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.

5:3    要尊敬那真为寡妇的。
Honour widows that are widows indeed.

5:4    若寡妇有儿女，或有孙子孙女，便叫他们先在自己的家中学着行孝，报答亲恩，因为这在神面前是可悦纳的。
But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God.

5:5    那独居无靠真为寡妇的，是仰赖神，昼夜不住的祈求祷告。
Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.

5:6    但那好宴乐的寡妇，正活着的时候也是死的。
But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.

5:7    这些事你要嘱咐他们，叫他们无可指责。
And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.

5:8    人若不看顾亲属，就是背了真道，比不信的人还不好。不看顾自己家里的人，更是如此。
But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.

5:9    寡妇记在册上，必须年纪到六十岁，从来只作一个丈夫的妻子，
Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man,

5:10    又有行善的名声，就如养育儿女，接待远人，洗圣徒的脚，救济遭难的人，竭力行各样善事。
Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.

5:11    至于年轻的寡妇，就可以辞他。因为他们的情欲发动，违背基督的时候，就想要嫁人。
But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;

5:12    他们被定罪，是因废弃了当初所许的愿。
Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.

5:13    并且他们又习惯懒惰，挨家闲游。不但是懒惰，又说长道短，好管闲事，说些不当说的话。
And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.

5:14    所以我愿意年轻的寡妇嫁人，生养儿女，治理家务，不给敌人辱骂的把柄。
I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.

5:15    因为已经有转去随从撒但的。
For some are already turned aside after Satan.

5:16    信主的妇女，若家中有寡妇，自己就当救济他们，不可累着教会，好使教会能救济那真无倚靠的寡妇。
If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed.

5:17    那善于管理教会的长老，当以为配受加倍的敬奉。那劳苦传道教导人的，更当如此。
Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.

5:18    因为经上说，牛在场上踹谷的时候，不可笼住它的嘴。又说，工人得工价是应当的。
For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.

5:19    控告长老的呈子，非有两三个见证就不要收。
Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses.

5:20    犯罪的人，当在众人面前责备他，叫其馀的人也可以惧怕。
Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.

5:21    我在神和基督耶稣并蒙拣选的天使面前嘱咐你，要遵守这些话，不可存成见，行事也不可有偏心。
I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality.

5:22    给人行按手的礼，不可急促。不要在别人的罪上有分。要保守自己清洁。
Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure.

5:23    因你胃口不清，屡次患病，再不要照常喝水，可以稍微用点酒。
Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities.

5:24    有些人的罪是明显的，如同先到审判案前。有些人的罪是随后跟了去的。
Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after.

5:25    这样，善行也有明显的。那不明显的，也不能隐藏。
Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid.




新约 -- 提摩太前书(1 Timothy) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 6 章 )    　


6:1    凡在轭下作仆人的，当以自己主人配受十分的恭敬，免得神的名和道理，被人亵渎。
Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed.

6:2    仆人有信道的主人，不可因为与他是弟兄就轻看他。更要加意服事他。因为得服事之益处的，是信道蒙爱的。你要以此教训人，劝勉人。
And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.

6:3    若有人传异教，不服从我们主耶稣基督纯正的话，与那合乎敬虔的道理。
If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;

6:4    他是自高自大，一无所知，专好问难争辩言词，从此就生出嫉妒，分争，毁谤，妄疑，
He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings,

6:5    并那坏了心术，失丧真理之人的争竞。他们以敬虔为得利的门路。
Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.

6:6    然而敬虔加上知足的心便是大利了。
But godliness with contentment is great gain.

6:7    因为我们没有带什么到世上来，也不能带什么去。
For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.

6:8    只要有衣有食，就当知足。
And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.

6:9    但那些想发财的人，就陷在迷惑，落在网罗，和许多无知有害的私欲里，叫人沉在败坏和灭亡中。
But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.

6:10    贪财是万恶之根。有人贪恋钱财，就被引诱离了真道，用许多愁苦把自己刺透了。
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.

6:11    但你这属神的人，要逃避这些事，追求公义，敬虔，信心，爱心，忍耐，温柔。
But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.

6:12    你要为真道打那美好的仗，持定永生。你为此被召，也在许多见证人面前，已经作了那美好的见证。
Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.

6:13    我在叫万物生活的神面前，并在向本丢彼拉多作过那美好见证的基督耶稣面前嘱咐你，
I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;

6:14    要守这命令，毫不玷污，无可指责，直到我们的主耶稣基督显现。
That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukeable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:

6:15    到了日期，那可称颂独有权能的，万王之王，万主之主，
Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;

6:16    就是那独一不死，住在人不能靠近的光里，是人未曾看见，也是不能看见的，要将他显明出来。但愿尊贵和永远的权能，都归给他。阿们。
Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen.

6:17    你要嘱咐那些今世富足的人，不要渍高，也不要倚靠无定的钱财。只要倚靠那厚赐百物给我们享受的神。
Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;

6:18    又要嘱咐他们行善，在好事上富足，甘心施舍，乐意供给人，（供给或作体贴）
That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;

6:19    为自己积成美好的根基，豫备将来，叫他们持定那真正的生命。
Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.

6:20    提摩太阿，你要保守所托付你的，躲避世俗的虚谈，和那敌真道似是而非的学问。
O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:

6:21    已经有人自称有这学问，就偏离了真道。愿恩惠常与你们同在。
Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen.






新约 -- 提摩太后书(2 Timothy) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


1:1    奉神旨意，照着在基督耶稣里生命的应许，作基督耶稣使徒的保罗，
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus,

1:2    写信给我亲爱的儿子提摩太。愿恩惠怜悯平安，从父神和我们主基督耶稣，归与你。
To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.

1:3    我感谢神，就是我接续祖先，用清洁的良心所事奉的神，祈祷的时候，不住的想念你，
I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;

1:4    记念你的眼泪，昼夜切切的想要见你，好叫我满心快乐。
Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;

1:5    想到你心里无伪之信。这信是先在你外祖母罗以，和你母亲友尼基心里的。我深信也在你的心里。
When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also.

1:6    为此我题醒你，使你将神藉我按手所给你的恩赐，再如火挑旺起来。
Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.

1:7    因为神赐给我们，不是胆怯的心，乃是刚强，仁爱，谨守的心。
For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.

1:8    你不要以给我们的主作见证为耻，也不要以我这为主被囚的为耻。总要按神的能力，与我为福音同受苦难。
Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God;

1:9    神救了我们，以圣召召我们，不是按我们的行为，乃是按他的旨意，和恩典。这恩典是万古之先，在基督耶稣里赐给我们的。
Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,

1:10    但如今藉着我们救主基督耶稣的显现，才表明出来了。他已经把死废去，藉着福音，将不能坏的生命彰显出来。
But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:

1:11    我为这福音奉派作传道的，作使徒，作师傅。
Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.

1:12    为这缘故，我也受这些苦难。然而我不以为耻。因为我知道我所信的是谁，也深信他能保全我所交付他的，（或作他所交托我的）直到那日。
For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.

1:13    你从我听的那纯正话语的规模，要用在基督耶稣里的信心和爱心，常常守着。
Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.

1:14    从前所交托你的善道，你要靠着那住在我们里面的圣灵，牢牢的守着。
That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us.

1:15    凡在亚细亚的人都离弃我，这是你知道的。其中有腓吉路和黑摩其尼。
This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.

1:16    愿主怜悯阿尼色弗一家的人。因他屡次使我畅快，不以我的锁链为耻。
The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:

1:17    反倒在罗马的时候，殷勤的找我，并且找着了。
But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.

1:18    愿主使他在那日得主的怜悯。他在以弗所怎样多多的服事我，是你明明知道的。
The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well.




新约 -- 提摩太后书(2 Timothy) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


2:1    我儿阿，你要在基督耶稣的恩典上刚强起来。
Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.

2:2    你在许多见证人面前听见我所教训的，也要交托那忠心能教导别人的人。
And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.

2:3    你要和我同受苦难，好像基督耶稣的精兵。
Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.

2:4    凡在军中当兵的，不将世物缠身，好叫那招他当兵的人喜悦。
No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.

2:5    人若在场上比武，非按规矩，就不能得冠冕。
And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully.

2:6    劳力的农夫，理当先得粮食。
The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits.

2:7    我所说的话你要思想。因为凡事主必给你聪明。
Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things.

2:8    你要记念耶稣基督乃是大卫的后裔。他从死里复活，正合乎我所传的福音。
Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:

2:9    我为这福音受苦难，甚至被捆绑，像犯人一样。然而神的道，却不被捆绑。
Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound.

2:10    所以我为选民凡事忍耐，叫他们也可以得着那在基督耶稣的救恩，和永远的荣耀。
Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.

2:11    有可信的话说，我们若与基督同死，也必与他同活。
It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him:

2:12    我们若能忍耐，也必和他一同作王。我们若不认他，他也必不认我们。
If we suffer, we shall also reign with him: if we deny him, he also will deny us:

2:13    我们纵然失信，他仍是可信的。因为他不能背乎自己。
If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.

2:14    你要使众人回想这些事，在主面前嘱咐他们，不可为言语争辩。这事没有益处的，只能败坏听见的人。
Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers.

2:15    你当竭力，在神面前得蒙喜悦，作无愧的工人，按着正意分解真理的道。
Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.

2:16    但要远避世俗的虚谈。因为这等人必进到更不敬虔的地步。
But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness.

2:17    他们的话如同毒疮，越烂越大。其中有许米乃和腓理徒。
And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;

2:18    他们偏离了真道，说复活的事已过，就败坏好些人的信心。
Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some.

2:19    然而神坚固的根基立住了。上面有这印记说，主认识谁是他的人。又说，凡称呼主名的人，总要离开不义。
Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.

2:20    在大户人家，不但有金器银器，也有木器瓦器。有作为贵重的，有作为卑贱的。
But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour.

2:21    人若自洁，脱离卑贱的事，就必作贵重的器皿，成为圣洁，合乎主用，豫备行各样的善事。
If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work.

2:22    你要逃避少年的私欲，同那清心祷告主的人追求公义，信德，仁爱，和平。
Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.

2:23    惟有那愚拙无学问的辩论，总要弃绝。因为知道这等事是起争竞的。
But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes.

2:24    然而主的仆人不可争竞，只要温温和和的待众人，善于教导，存心忍耐，
And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient,

2:25    用温柔劝戒那抵挡的人。或者给他们悔改的心，可以明白真道。
In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;

2:26    叫他们这已经被魔鬼任意掳去的，可以醒悟，脱离他的网罗。
And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will.




新约 -- 提摩太后书(2 Timothy) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　　


3:1    你该知道，末世必有危险的日子来到。
This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.

3:2    因为那时人要专顾自己，贪爱钱财，自夸，狂傲，谤？？，违背父母，忘恩负义，心不圣洁，
For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,

3:3    无亲情，不解怨，好说才言，不能自约，性情凶暴，不爱良善，
Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,

3:4    卖主卖友，任意妄为，自高自大，爱宴乐不爱神。
Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;

3:5    有敬虔的外貌，却背了敬虔的实意。这等人你要躲开。
Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

3:6    那偷进人家，牢笼无知妇女的，正是这等人。这些妇女担负罪恶，被各样的私欲引诱。
For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,

3:7    常常学习，终久不能明白真道。
Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.

3:8    从前雅尼和佯庇怎样敌挡摩西，这等人也怎样敌挡真道。他们的心地坏了，在真道上是可废弃的。
Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.

3:9    然而他们不能再这样敌挡，因为他们的愚昧，必在众人面前显露出来，像那二人一样。
But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as theirs also was.

3:10    但你已经服从了我的教训，品行，志向，信心，宽容，爱心，忍耐，
But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,

3:11    以及我在安提阿，以哥念，路司得，所遭遇的逼迫，苦难。我所忍受是何等的逼迫。但从这一切苦难中主都把我救出来了。
Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.

3:12    不但如此，凡立志在基督耶稣里敬虔度日的，也都要受逼迫。
Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.

3:13    只是作恶的，和迷惑人的，必越久越恶，他欺哄人也被人欺哄。
But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.

3:14    但你所学习的，所确信的，要存在心里。因为你知道是跟谁学的。
But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;

3:15    并且知道你是从小明白圣经。这圣经能使你因信基督耶稣有得救的智慧。
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.

3:16    圣经都是神所默示的，（或作凡神默示的圣经）于教训，督责，使人归正，教导人学义，都是有益的。
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:

3:17    叫属神的人得以完全，豫备行各样的善事。
That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.




新约 -- 提摩太后书(2 Timothy) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 4 章 )    　


4:1    我在神面前，并在将来审判活人死人的基督耶稣面前，凭着他的显现和他的国度嘱咐你。
I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;

4:2    务要传道。无论得时不得时，总要专心，并用百般的忍耐，各样的教训，责备人，警戒人，劝勉人。
Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.

4:3    因为时候要到，人必厌烦纯正的道理。耳朵发痒，就随从自己的情欲，增添好些师傅。
For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;

4:4    并且掩耳不听真道，偏向荒渺的言语。
And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.

4:5    你却要凡事谨慎，忍受苦难，作传道的工夫，尽你的职分。
But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.

4:6    我现在被浇奠，我离世的时候到了。
For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.

4:7    那美好的仗我已经打过了。当跑的路我已经跑尽了。所信的道我已经守住了。
I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:

4:8    从此以后，有公义的冠冕为我存留，就是按着公义审判的主到了那日要赐给我的。不但赐给我，也赐给凡爱慕他显现的人。
Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.

4:9    你要赶紧的到我这里来。
Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:

4:10    因为底马贪爱现今的世界，就离弃我往帖撒罗尼迦去了。革勒士往加拉太去。提多往挞马太去。
For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.

4:11    独有路加在我这里。你来的时候要把马可带来。因为他在传道的事上于我有益处。（传道或作服事我）
Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry.

4:12    我已经打发推基古往以弗所去。
And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.

4:13    我在特罗亚留于加布的那件外衣，你来的时候可以带来。那些书也要带来。更要紧的是那些皮卷。
The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.

4:14    铜匠亚历山大多多的害我。主必照他所行的报应他。
Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works:

4:15    你也要防备他。因为他极力敌挡了我们的话。
Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words.

4:16    我初次申诉，没有人前来帮助，竟都离弃我。但愿这罪不归与他们。
At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.

4:17    惟有主站在我旁边，加给我力量，使福音被我尽都传明，叫外邦人都听见。我也从狮子口里被救出来。
Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.

4:18    主必救我脱离诸般的凶恶，也必救我进他的天国。愿荣耀归给他，直到永永远远。阿们。
And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

4:19    问百基拉，亚居拉，和阿尼色弗一家的人安。
Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.

4:20    以拉都在哥林多住下了。特罗非摩病了，我就留他在米利都。
Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.

4:21    你要赶紧在冬天以前到我这里来。有友布罗，布田，利奴，革老底亚，和众弟兄，都问你安。
Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.

4:22    愿主与你的灵同在。愿恩惠常与你们同在。
The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.






新约 -- 提多书(Titus) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


1:1    神的仆人，耶稣基督的使徒保罗，凭着神选民的信心，与敬虔真理的知识，
Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;

1:2    盼望那无谎言的神在万古之先所应许的永生，
In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;

1:3    到了日期，藉着传扬的工夫，把他的道显明了。这传扬的责任，是按着神我们救主的命令交托了我。
But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;

1:4    现在写信给提多，就是照着我们共信之道作我真儿子的。愿恩惠平安，从父神和我们的救主基督耶稣归与你。
To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.

1:5    我从前留你在克里特，是要你将没有辨完的事都辨整齐了，又照我所吩咐你的，在各城设立长老。
For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:

1:6    若有无可指责的人，只作一个妇人的丈夫，儿女也是信主的，没有人告诉他们是放荡不服约束的，就可以设立。
If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.

1:7    监督既是神的管家，必须无可指责，不任性，不暴躁，不因酒滋事，不打人，不贪无义之财，
For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;

1:8    乐意接待远人，好善，庄重，公平，圣洁，自持。
But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;

1:9    坚守所教真实的道理，就能将纯正的教训劝化人。又能把争辩的人驳倒了。
Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.

1:10    因为有许多人不服约束，说虚空话，欺哄人。那奉割礼的，更是这样。
For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:

1:11    这些人的口总要堵住。他们因贪不义之财，将不该教导的教导人，败坏人的全家。
Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake.

1:12    有克里特人中的一个本地先知说，克里特人常说谎话，乃是恶兽，又馋又懒。
One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.

1:13    这个见证是真的。所以你要严严的责备他们，使他们在真道上纯全无疵。
This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;

1:14    不听犹太人荒渺的言语，和离弃真道之人的诫命。
Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth.

1:15    在洁净的人，凡物都洁净。在污秽不信的人，什么都不洁净。连心地和天良，也都污秽了。
Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.

1:16    他们说是认识神行事却和他相背。本是可憎恶的，是悖逆的，在各样善事上是可废弃的。
They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.



新约 -- 提多书(Titus) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　　


2:1    但你所讲的，总要合乎那纯正的道理。
But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:

2:2    劝老年人，要有节制，端庄，自守，在信心爱心忍耐上，都要纯全无疵。
That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience.

2:3    又劝老年妇人，举止行动要恭敬，不说谗言，不给酒作奴仆，用善道教训人。
The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;

2:4    好指教少年妇人，爱丈夫，爱儿女，
That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,

2:5    谨守贞洁，料理家务，待人有恩，顺服自己的丈夫，免得神的道理被毁谤。
To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.

2:6    又劝少年人要谨守。
Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.

2:7    你自己凡事要显出善行的榜样，在教训上要正直，端庄，
In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,

2:8    言语纯全，无可指责，叫那反对的人，既无处可说我们的不是，便自觉羞愧。
Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.

2:9    劝仆人要顺服自己的主人，凡事讨他的喜欢。不可顶撞他。
Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;

2:10    不可私拿东西。要显为忠诚，以致凡事尊荣我们救主神的道。
Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.

2:11    因为神救众人的恩典，已经显明出来，
For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,

2:12    教训我们除去不敬虔的心，和世俗的情欲，在今世自守，公义，敬虔度日。
Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;

2:13    等候所盼望的福，并等候至大的神，和（或作无和字）我们救主耶稣基督的荣耀显现。
Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;

2:14    他为我们舍了自己，要赎我们脱离一切罪恶，又洁净我们，特作自己的子民，热心为善。
Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.

2:15    这些事你要讲明，劝戒人，用各等权柄责备人。不可叫人轻看你。
These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise thee.



新约 -- 提多书(Titus) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


3:1    你要题醒众人，叫他们顺服作官的，掌权的，遵他的命，豫备行各样的善事。
Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,

3:2    不要毁谤，不要争竞，总要和平，向众人大显温柔。
To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men.

3:3    我们从前也是无知，悖逆，受迷惑，服事各样私欲和宴乐，常存恶毒（或作阴毒）嫉妒的心，是可恨的，又是彼此相恨。
For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.

3:4    但到了神我们救主的恩慈，和他向人所施的慈爱显明的时候，
But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,

3:5    他便救了我们，并不是因我们自己所行的义，乃是照他的怜悯，藉着重生的洗，和圣灵的更新。
Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;

3:6    圣灵就是神藉着耶稣基督我们救主，厚厚浇灌在我们身上的。
Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;

3:7    好叫我们因他的恩得称为义，可以凭着永生的盼望成为后嗣。（或作可以凭着盼望承受永生）。
That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.

3:8    这话是可信的，我也愿你把这些事，切切实实的讲明，使那些已信神的人，留心作正经事业。（或作留心行善）这都是美事，并且与人有益。
This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men.

3:9    要远避无知的辩论，和家谱的空谈，以及分争，并因律法而起的争竞。因为这都是虚妄无益的。
But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.

3:10    分门结党的人，警戒过一两次，就要弃绝他。
A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;

3:11    因为知道这等人已经背道，犯了罪，自己明知不是，还是去作。
Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.

3:12    我打发亚提马，或是推基古，到你那里去的时候，你要赶紧往尼哥波立去见我。因为我已经定意在那里过冬。
When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.

3:13    你要赶紧给律师西纳，和亚波罗送行，叫他们没有缺乏。
Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them.

3:14    并且我们的人要学习升经事业，（或作要学习行善）豫备所需用的，免得不结果子。
And let ours also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.



3:15    同我在一处的人都问你安。请代问那些因有信心爱我们的人安。愿恩惠常与你们众人同在。
All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.





新约 -- 腓利门书(Philemon) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 1 章 )    　


1:1    为基督耶稣被囚的保罗，同兄弟提摩太，写信给我们所亲爱的同工腓利门，
Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,

1:2    和妹子亚腓亚，并与我们同当兵的亚基布，以及在你家的教会。
And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:

1:3    愿恩惠平安，从神我们的父，和主耶稣基督，归与你们。
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:4    我祷告的时候题到你，常为你感谢我的神。
I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,

1:5    因听说你的爱心，并你向主耶稣和众圣徒的信心。（或作因听说你向主耶稣和众圣徒有爱心有信心）
Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;

1:6    愿你与人所同有的信心显出功效，使人知道你们各样善事都是为基督作的。
That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.

1:7    兄弟阿，我为你的爱心，大有快乐，大得安慰。因众圣徒的心从你得了畅快。
For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.

1:8    我虽然靠着基督能放胆吩咐你合宜的事。
Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,

1:9    然而像我这有年纪的保罗，现在又是为基督耶稣被囚的，宁可凭爱心求你。
Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.

1:10    就是为我在捆锁中所生的儿子阿尼西母（此名就是有益处的意思）求你。
I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:

1:11    他从前与你没有益处，但如今与你我都有益处。
Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:

1:12    我现在打发他亲自回你那里去。他是我心上的人。
Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:

1:13    我本来有意将他留下，在我为福音所受的捆锁中替你伺候我。
Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:

1:14    但不知道你的意思，我不愿意这样行，叫你的善行不是出于勉强，乃是出于甘心。
But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.

1:15    他暂时离开你，或者是叫你永远得着他。
For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;

1:16    不再是奴仆，乃是高过奴仆，是亲爱的兄弟，在我实在是如此，何况在你呢。这也不拘是按肉体说，是按主说。
Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?

1:17    你若以我为同伴，就收纳他，如同收纳我一样。
If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.

1:18    他若亏负你，或欠你什么，都归在我的账上。
If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;

1:19    我必偿还。这是我保罗亲笔写的。我并不用对你说，连你自己也亏欠于我。
I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.

1:20    兄弟阿，望你使我在主里因你得快乐。（或作益处）并望你使我的心在基督里得畅快。
Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.

1:21    我写信给你，深信你必顺服，知道你所要行的，必过于我所说的。
Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.

1:22    此外你还要给我豫备住处，因为我盼望藉着你们的祷告，必蒙恩到你们那里去。
But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you.

1:23    为基督耶稣与我同坐监的以巴弗问你安。
There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;

1:24    与我同工的马可，亚里达古，底马，路加，也都问你安。
Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.

1:25    愿我们主耶稣基督的恩常在你的心里。阿们。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.





新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　


1:1    神既在古时藉着众先知，多次多方的晓谕列祖，
God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

1:2    就在这末世，藉着他儿子晓谕我们，又早已立他为承受万有的，也曾藉着他创造诸世界。
Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

1:3    他是神荣耀所发的光辉，是神本体的真像，常用他权能的命令托住万有，他洗净了人的罪，就坐在高天至大者的右边。
Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;

1:4    他所承受的名，既比天使的名更尊贵，就远超过天使。
Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they.

1:5    所有的天使，神从来对那一个说，你是我的儿子，我今日生你。又指着那一个说，我要作他的父，他要作我的子。
For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?

1:6    再者，神使长子到世上来的时候，（或作神再使长子到世上来的时候）就说，神的使者都要拜他。
And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.

1:7    论到使者，又说，神以风为使者，以火焰为仆役。
And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.

1:8    论到子却说，神阿，你的宝座是永永远远的，你的国权是正直的。
But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.

1:9    你喜爱公义，恨恶罪恶。所以神就是你的神，用喜乐油膏你，胜过膏你的同伴。
Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.

1:10    又说，主阿，你起初立了地的根基，天也是你手所造的。
And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:

1:11    天地都要灭没，你却要长存。天地都要像衣服渐渐旧了。
They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;

1:12    你要将天地卷起来，像一件外衣，天地都改变了。惟有你永不改变，你的年数没有穷尽。
And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.

1:13    所有的天使，神从来对那一个说，你坐在我的右边，等我使你仇敌作你的脚凳。
But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?

1:14    天使岂不都是服役的灵，奉差遣为那将要承受救恩的人效力吗。
Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


2:1    所以我们当越发郑重所听见的道理，恐怕我们随流失去。
Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.

2:2    那藉着天使所传的话，既是确定的，凡干犯悖逆的，都受了该受的报应。
For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;

2:3    我们若忽略这吗大的救恩，怎能逃罪呢。这救恩起先主亲自讲的，后来是听见的人给我们证实了。
How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;

2:4    神又按自己的旨意，用神迹奇事，和百般的异能，并圣灵的恩赐，同他们作见证。
God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will?

2:5    我们所说将来的世界，神原没有交给天使管辖。
For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak.

2:6    但有人在经上某处证明说，人算什么，你竟顾念他，世人算什么，你竟眷顾他。
But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that thou art mindful of him? or the son of man, that thou visitest him?

2:7    你叫他比天使微小一点，（或作你叫他暂时比天使小）赐他荣耀尊贵为冠冕，并将你手所造的都派他管理。
Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:

2:8    叫万物都服在他的脚下。既叫万物都服他，就没有剩下一样不服他的。只是如今我们还不见万物都服他。
Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.

2:9    惟独见那成为比天使小一点的耶稣，（或作惟独见耶稣暂时比天使小）因为受死的苦，就得了尊贵荣耀为冠冕，叫他因着神的恩，为人人尝了死味。
But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.

2:10    原来那为万物所属，为万物所本的，要领许多的儿子进荣耀里去，使救他们的元帅，因受苦难得以完全，本是合宜的。
For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.

2:11    因那使人成圣的，和那些得以成圣的，都是出于一。所以他称他们为弟兄，也不以为耻，
For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren,

2:12    说，我要将你的名传与我的弟兄，在会中我要颂杨你。
Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee.

2:13    又说，我要倚赖他。又说，看哪，我与神所给我的儿女。
And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God hath given me.

2:14    儿女既同有血肉之体，他也照样亲自成了血肉之体。特要藉着死，败坏那掌死权的，就是魔鬼。
Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;

2:15    并要释放那些一生因怕死而为奴仆的人。
And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.

2:16    他并不救拔天使，乃是救拔亚伯拉罕的后裔。
For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.

2:17    所以他凡事该与他的弟兄相同，为要在神的事上，成为慈悲忠信的大祭司，为百姓的罪献上挽回祭。
Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people.

2:18    他自己既然被试探而受苦，就能搭救被试探的人。
For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


3:1    同蒙天召的圣洁弟兄阿，你们应当思想，我们所认为使者，为大祭司的耶稣。
Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;

3:2    他为那设立他的尽忠，如同摩西在神的全家尽忠一样。
Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house.

3:3    他比摩西算是更配多得荣耀，好像建造房屋的比房屋更尊荣。
For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.

3:4    因为房屋都必有人建造。但建造万物的就是神。
For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God.

3:5    摩西为仆人，在神的全家诚然尽忠，为要证明将来必传说的事。
And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;

3:6    但基督为儿子，治理神的家。我们若将可夸的盼望和胆量，坚持到底，便是他的家了。
But Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end.

3:7    圣灵有话说，你们今日若听他的话，
Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice,

3:8    就不可硬着心，像在旷野惹他发怒，试探他的时候一样。
Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:

3:9    在那里，你们的祖宗试我探我，并且观看我的作为，有四十年之久。
When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.

3:10    所以我厌烦那世代的人，说，他们心里常常迷糊，竟不晓得我的作为。
Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.

3:11    我就在怒中起誓说，他们断不可进入我的安息。
So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)

3:12    弟兄们，你们要谨慎，免得你们中间，或有人存着不信的恶心，把永生神离弃了。
Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.

3:13    总要趁着还有今日，天天彼此相劝，免得你们中间，有人被罪迷惑，心里就刚硬了。
But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.

3:14    我们若将起初确实的信心，坚持到底，就在基督里有分了。
For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end;

3:15    经上说，你们今日若听他的话，就不可硬着心，像惹他发怒的日子一样。
While it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.

3:16    那时听见他话惹他发怒的是谁呢。岂不是跟着摩西从埃及出来的众人吗。
For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses.

3:17    神四十年之久，又厌烦谁呢。岂不是那些犯罪尸首倒在旷野的人吗。
But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?

3:18    又向谁起誓，不容他们进入他的安息呢。岂不是向那些不信从的人吗。
And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?

3:19    这样看来，他们不能进入安息，是因为不信的缘故了。
So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


4:1    我们既蒙留下有进入他安息的应许，就当畏惧，免得我们中间，（我们原文作你们）或有人似乎是赶不上了。
Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.

4:2    因为有福音传给我们，像传给他们一样。只是所听见的道与他们无益，因为他们没有信心与所听见的道调和。
For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it.

4:3    但我们已经相信的人，得以进入那安息，正如神所说，我在怒中起誓说，他们断不可进入我的安息。其实造物之工，从创世以来已经成全了。
For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.

4:4    论到第七日，有一处说，到第七日神就歇了他一切的工。
For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works.

4:5    又有一处说，他们断不可进入我的安息。
And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.

4:6    既有必进安息的人，那先前听见福音的，因为不信从，不得进去。
Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:

4:7    所以过了多年，就在大卫的书上，又限定一日，如以上所引的说，你们今日若听他的话，就不可硬着心。
Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.

4:8    若是约书亚已叫他们享了安息，后来神就不再题别的日子了。
For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.

4:9    这样看来，必另有一安息日的安息，为神的子民存留。
There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.

4:10    因为那进入安息的，乃是歇了自己的工，正如神歇了他的工一样。
For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his.

4:11    所以我们务必竭力进入那安息，免得有人学那不信从的样子跌倒了。
Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.

4:12    神的道是活泼的，是有功效的，比一切两刃的剑更快，甚至魂与灵，骨节与骨髓，都能刺入剖开，连心中的思念和主意，都能辨明。
For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

4:13    并且被造的，没有一样在他面前不显然的。原来万物，在那与我们有关系的主眼前，都是赤露敞开的。
Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do.

4:14    我们既然有一位已经升入高天尊荣的大祭司，就是神的儿子耶稣，便当持定所承认的道。
Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.

4:15    因我们的大祭司，并非不能体恤我们的软弱。他也曾凡事受过试探，与我们一样。只是他没有犯罪。
For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

4:16    所以我们只管坦然无惧的，来到施恩的宝座前，为要得怜恤，蒙恩惠作随时的帮助。
Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


5:1    凡从人间挑选的大祭司，是奉派替人辨理属神的事，为要献上礼物，和赎罪祭。（或作要为罪献上礼物和祭物）
For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins:

5:2    他能体谅那愚蒙的，和失迷的人，因为他自己也是被软弱所困。
Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity.

5:3    故此他理当为百姓和自己献祭赎罪。
And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins.

5:4    这大祭司的尊荣，没有人自取，惟要蒙神所召，像亚伦一样。
And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.

5:5    如此，基督也不是自取荣耀作大祭司，乃是在乎向他说，你是我的儿子，我今日生你。的那一位。
So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten thee.

5:6    就如经上又有一处说，你是照着麦基洗德的等次永远为祭司。
As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.

5:7    基督在肉体的时候，既大声哀哭，流泪祷告恳求那能救他免死的主，就因他的虔诚，蒙了应允。
Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;

5:8    他虽然为儿子，还是因所受的苦难学了顺从。
Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;

5:9    他既得以完全，就为凡顺从的的人，成了永远得救的根源。
And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;

5:10    并蒙神照着麦基洗德的等次称他为大祭司。
Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec.

5:11    论到麦基洗德，我们有好些话，并且难以解明，因为你们听不进去。
Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing.

5:12    看你们学习的工夫，本该作师傅，谁知还得有人将神圣言小学的开端，另教导你们。并且成了那必须吃奶，不能吃乾粮的人。
For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.

5:13    凡只能吃奶的，都不熟练仁义的道理。因为他是婴孩。
For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe.

5:14    惟独长大成人的，才能吃乾粮，他们的心窍，习练得通达，就能分辨好歹了。
But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


6:1    所以我们应当离开基督道理的开端，竭力进到完全的地步。不必再立根基，就如那懊悔死行，信靠神，
Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,

6:2    各样洗礼，按手之礼，死人复活，以及永远审判，各等教训。
Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment.

6:3    神若许我们，我们必如此行。
And this will we do, if God permit.

6:4    论到那些已经蒙了光照，尝过天恩的滋味，又于圣灵有分，
For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,

6:5    并尝过神善道的滋味，觉悟来世权能的人，
And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,

6:6    若是离弃道理，就不能叫他们从新懊悔了。因为他们把神的儿子重钉十字架，明明的羞辱他。
If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame.

6:7    就如一块田地，吃过屡次下的雨水，生长菜蔬合乎耕种的人用，就从神得福。
For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:

6:8    若长荆棘和疾？？，必被废弃，近于咒诅，结局就是焚烧。
But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned.

6:9    亲爱的弟兄们，我们虽是这样说，却深信你们的行为强过这些，而且近乎得救。
But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.

6:10    因为神并非不公义，竟忘记你们所作的工，和你们为他名所显的爱心，就是先前伺候圣徒，如今还是伺候。
For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister.

6:11    我们愿你们各人都显出这样的殷勤，使你们有满足的指望，一直到底。
And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:

6:12    并且不懈怠。总要效法那些凭信心和忍耐承受应许的人。
That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.

6:13    当初神应许亚伯拉罕的时候，因为没有比自己更大可以指着起誓的，就指着自己起誓说，
For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,

6:14    论福，我必赐大福给你。论子孙，我必叫你的子孙多起来。
Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.

6:15    这样，亚伯拉罕既恒久忍耐，就得了所应许的。
And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.

6:16    人都是指着比自己大的起誓。并且以起誓为实据，了结各样的争论
For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife.

6:17    照样，神愿意为那承受应许的人，格外显明他的旨意是不更改的，就起誓为证。
Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:

6:18    藉这两件不更改的事，神决不能说谎，好叫我们这逃往避难所，持定摆在我们前头指望的人，可以大得勉励。
That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:

6:19    我们有这指望如同灵魂的锚，又坚固又牢靠，且通入幔内。
Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;

6:20    作先锋的耶稣，既照着麦基洗德的等次，成了永远的大祭司，就为我们进入幔内。
Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


7:1    这麦基洗德，就是撒冷王，又是至高神的祭司，本是长远为祭司的。他当亚伯拉罕杀败诸王回来的时候，就迎接他，给他祝福。
For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;

7:2    亚伯拉罕也将自己所得来的取十分之一给他。他头一个名翻出来，就是仁义王，他又名撒冷王，就是平安王的意思。
To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;

7:3    他无父，无母，无族谱，无生之始，无命之终，乃是与神的儿子相似。
Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually.

7:4    你们想一想，先祖亚伯拉罕，将自己所掳来上等之物取十分之一给他，这人是何等尊贵呢。
Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.

7:5    那是祭司职任的利未子孙，领命照例向百姓取十分之一，这百姓是自己的弟兄，虽是从亚伯拉罕身中生的，（身原文作腰），还是照例取十分之一
And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:

7:6    独有麦基洗德，不与他们同谱，倒收纳亚伯拉罕的十分之一，为那蒙应许的亚伯拉罕祝福。
But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises.

7:7    从来位分大的给位分小的祝福，这是驳不倒的理。
And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.

7:8    在这里收十分之一的都是必死的人。但在那里收十分之一的，有为他作见证的说，他是活的。
And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.

7:9    并且可说，那受十分之一的利未，也是藉着亚伯拉罕纳了十分之一。
And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.

7:10    因为麦基洗德迎接亚伯拉罕的时候，利未已经在他先祖的身中。（身原文作腰）
For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.

7:11    从前百姓在利未人祭司职任以下受律法，倘若藉这职任能得完全，又何用另外兴起一位祭司，照麦基洗德的等次，不照亚伦的等次呢。
If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?

7:12    祭司的职任既已更改，律法也必须更改。
For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.

7:13    因为这话所指的人，本属别的支派，那支派里从来没有一人伺候祭坛。
For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.

7:14    我们的主分明是从犹大出来的。但这支派，摩西并没有题到祭司。
For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.

7:15    倘若照麦基洗德的样式，另外兴起一位祭司来，我的话更是显而易见的了。
And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest,

7:16    他成为祭司，并不是照属肉体的条例，乃是照无穷之生命的大能。（无穷原文作不能毁坏）。
Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life.

7:17    因为有给他作见证的说，你是照着麦基洗德的等次永远为祭司。
For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.

7:18    先前的条例，因软弱无益，所以废掉了。
For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.



7:19    （律法原来一无所成）就引进了更美的指望，靠这指望我们便可以进到神面前。
For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God.

7:20    再者，耶稣为祭司，并不是不起誓立的。
And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:

7:21    至于那些祭司，原不是起誓立的，只有耶稣是起誓立的。因为那立他的对他说，主起了誓决不后悔，你是永远为祭司。
(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)

7:22    既是起誓立的，耶稣就作了更美之约的中保。
By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.

7:23    那些成为祭司的，数目本来多，是因为有死阻隔不能长久。
And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:

7:24    这位既是永远长存的，他祭司的职任，就长久不更换。
But this man, because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.

7:25    凡靠着他进到神面前的人，他都能拯救到底。因为他是长远活着，替他们祈求。
Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

7:26    像这样圣洁，无邪恶，无玷污，远离罪人，高过诸天的大祭司，原是与我们合宜的。
For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;

7:27    他不像那些大祭司，每日必须先为自己的罪，后为百姓的罪献祭，因为他只一次将自己献上，就把这事成全了。
Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.

7:28    律法本是立软弱的人为大祭司。但在律法以后起誓的话，是立儿子为大祭司，乃是成全到永远的。
For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is consecrated for evermore.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


8:1    我们所讲的事，其中第一要紧的，就是我们有这样的大祭司，已经坐在天上至大者宝座的右边，
Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

8:2    在圣所，就是真帐幕里，作执事。这帐幕是主所支的，不是人所支的。
A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.

8:3    凡大祭司都是为献礼物和祭物设立的。所以这位大祭司也必须有所献的。
For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.

8:4    他若在地上，必不得为祭司，因为已经有照律法献礼物的祭司。
For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:

8:5    他们供奉的事，本是天上事的形状和影像，正如摩西将要造帐幕的时候，蒙神警戒他，说，你要谨慎，作各样的物件，都要照着在山上指示你的样式。
Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.

8:6    如今耶稣所得的职任是更美的，正如他作更美之约的中保。这约原是凭更美之应许立的。
But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.

8:7    那前约若没有瑕疵，就无处寻求后约了。
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.

8:8    所以主指责他的百姓说，（或作所以主指前约的缺欠说）日子将到，我要与以色列家，和犹大家，另立新约。
For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:

8:9    不像我拉着他们祖宗的手，领他们出埃及的时候，与他们所立的约。因为他们不恒心守我的约，我也不理他们。这是主说的。
Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.

8:10    主又说，那些日子以后，我与以色列家所立的约乃是这样。我要将我的律法放在他们里面，写在他们心上，我要作他们的神，他们要作我的子民。
For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:

8:11    他们不用各人教导自己的乡邻，和自己的弟兄，说，你该认识主。因为他们从最小的到至大的，都必认识我。
And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.

8:12    我要宽恕他们的不义，不再记念他们的罪愆。
For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.

8:13    既说新约，就以前约为旧了。但那渐旧渐衰的，就必快归无有了。
In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


9:1    原来前约有礼拜的条例，和属世界的圣幕。
Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine service, and a worldly sanctuary.

9:2    因为有豫备的帐幕，头一层叫作圣所。里面有灯台，桌子，和陈设饼。
For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the sanctuary.

9:3    第二幔子后，又有一层帐幕，叫作至圣所。
And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;

9:4    有金香炉，（炉或作坛）有包金的约柜，柜里有盛吗哪的金罐，和亚伦发过芽的杖，并两块约版。
Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant;

9:5    柜上面有荣耀基路伯的影芍着施恩座。（施恩原文作蔽罪）这几件我现在不能一一细说。
And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly.

9:6    这些物件既如此豫备齐了，众祭司就常进头一层帐幕，行拜神的礼。
Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God.

9:7    至于第二层帐幕，惟有大祭司一年一次独自进去，没有不带着血，为自己和百姓的过错献上。
But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:

9:8    圣灵用此指明，头一层帐幕仍存的时候，进入至圣所的路还未显明。
The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing:

9:9    那头一层帐幕作现今的一个表样，所献上的礼物和祭物，就着良心说，都不能叫礼拜的人得以完全。
Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;

9:10    这些事连那饮食和诸般洗濯的规矩，都不过是属肉体的条例，命定到振兴的时候为止。
Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.

9:11    但现在基督已经来到，作了将来美事的大祭司，经过那更大更全备的帐幕，不是人手所造也不是属乎这世界的。
But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;

9:12    并且不用山羊和牛犊的血，乃用自己的血，只一次进入圣所，成了永远赎罪的事。
Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.

9:13    若山羊和公牛的血，并母牛犊的灰洒在不洁的人身上，尚且叫人成圣，身体洁净。
For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh:

9:14    何况基督藉着永远的灵，将自己无瑕无疵献给神，他的血岂不更能洗净你们的心。（原文作良心）除去你们的死行，使你们事奉那永生神吗。
How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?

9:15    为此他作了新约的中保。既然受死赎了人在前约之时所犯的罪过，便叫蒙召之人得着所应许永远的产业。
And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.

9:16    凡有遗命，必须等到留遗命的人死了。（遗命原文与约字同）
For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.



9:17    因为人死了，遗命才有效力，若留遗命的尚在，那遗命还有用处吗。
For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.

9:18    所以前约也不是不用血立的。
Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood.

9:19    因为摩西当日照着律法，将各样诫命传给众百姓，就拿朱红色绒和牛膝草，把牛犊山羊的血和水，洒在书上，又洒在众百姓身上，说，
For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people,

9:20    这血就是神与你们立约的凭据。
Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you.

9:21    他又照样把血洒在帐幕，和各样器皿上。
Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.

9:22    按着律法，凡物差不多都是用血洁净的，若不流血，罪就不得赦免了。
And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.

9:23    照着天上样式作的物件，必须用这些祭物去洁净。但那天上的本物，自然当用更美的祭物去洁净。
It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.

9:24    因为基督并不是进了人手所造的圣所，（这不过是真圣所的影像）乃是进了天堂，如今为我们显在神面前。
For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:

9:25    也不是多次将自己献上，像那大祭司每年带着牛羊血进入圣所。（牛羊的血原文作不是自己的血）
Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;

9:26    如果这样，他从创世以来，就必多次受苦了。但如今在这末世显现一次，把自己献为祭，好除掉罪。
For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.

9:27    按着定命，人人都有一死，死后且有审判。
And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:

9:28    这样，基督既然一次被献，担当了多人的罪，将来要向那等候他的人第二次显现，并与罪无关，乃是为拯救他们。
So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


10:1    律法既是将来美事的影儿，不是本物的真像，总不能藉着每年常献一样的祭物，叫那近前来的人得以完全。
For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

10:2    若不然，献祭的事岂不早已止住了吗。因为礼拜的人，良心既被洁净，就不再觉得有罪了。
For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.

10:3    但这些祭物是叫人每年想起罪来。
But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year.

10:4    因为公牛和山羊的血，断不能除罪。
For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.

10:5    所以基督到世上来的时候，就说，神阿祭物和礼物是你不愿意的，你曾给我豫备了身体。
Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me:

10:6    燔祭和赎罪祭是你不喜欢的。
In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure.

10:7    那时我说，神阿，我来了为要照你的旨意行。我的事在经卷上已经记载了。
Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God.

10:8    以上说，祭物和礼物，燔祭和赎罪祭，是你不愿意的，也是你不喜欢的，（这都是按着律法献的）。
Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;

10:9    后又说我来了为要照你的旨意行。可见他是除去在先的，为要立定在后的。
Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second.

10:10    我们凭这旨意，靠耶稣基督只一次献上他的身体，就得以成圣。
By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.

10:11    凡祭司天天站着事奉神，履次献上一样的祭物。这祭物永不能除罪。
And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins:

10:12    但基督献了一次永远的赎罪祭，就在神的右边坐下了。
But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;

10:13    从此等候他仇敌成了他的脚凳。
From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.

10:14    因为他一次献祭，便叫那得以成圣的人永远完全。
For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.

10:15    圣灵也对我们作见证。因为他既已说过，
Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before,

10:16    主说，那些日子以后，我与他们所立的约乃是这样。我要将我的律法写在他们心上，又要放在他们的里面。
This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them;

10:17    以后就说，我不再记念他们的罪愆，和他们的过犯。
And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.

10:18    这些罪过既已赦免，就不用再为罪献祭了。
Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.

10:19    弟兄们，我们既因耶稣的血，得以坦然进入至圣所，
Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,

10:20    是藉着他给我们开了一条又新又活的路从幔子经过，这幔子就是他的身体。
By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;

10:21    又有一位大祭司治理神的家。
And having an high priest over the house of God;

10:22    并我们心中天良的亏欠已经洒去，身体用清水洗净了，就当存着诚心，和充足的信心，来到神面前。
Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.

10:23    也要坚守我们所承认的指望，不至摇动。因为那应许我们的是信实的。
Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)

10:24    又要彼此相顾，激发爱心，勉励行善。
And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:

10:25    你们不可停止聚会，好像那些停止惯了的人，倒要彼此劝勉。既知道（原文作看见）那日子临近，就更当如此。
Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.

10:26    因为我们得知真道以后，若故意犯罪，赎罪的祭就再没有了。
For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,

10:27    惟有战惧等候审判和那烧灭众人的烈火。
But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.

10:28    人干犯摩西的律法，凭两三个见证人，尚且不得怜恤而死。
He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:



10:29    何况人践踏神的儿子，将那使他成圣之约的血当作平常，又亵慢施恩的圣灵，你们想，他要受的刑罚该怎样加重呢。
Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?

10:30    因为我们知道谁说，伸冤在我，我必报应。又说，主要审判他的百姓
For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.

10:31    落在永生神的手里真是可怕的。
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.

10:32    你们要追念往日，蒙了光照以后，所忍受大争战的各样苦难。
But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions;

10:33    一面被毁谤，遭患难，成了戏景，叫众人观看。一面陪伴那些受这样苦难的人。
Partly, whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used.

10:34    因为你们体恤了那些被捆锁的人，并且你们的家业被人抢去，也甘心忍受，知道自己有更美常存的家业。
For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance.

10:35    所以你们不可丢弃勇敢的心，存这样的心必得大赏赐。
Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.

10:36    你们必须忍耐，使你们行完了神的旨意，就可以得着所应许的。
For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise.

10:37    因为还有一点点时候，那要来的就来，并不迟延。
For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.

10:38    只是义人必因信得生。（义人有古卷作我的义人）他若退后，我心里就不喜欢他。
Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.

10:39    我们却不是退后入沉沦的那等人，乃是有信心以致灵魂得救的人。
But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


11:1    信就是所望之事的实底，是未见之事的确据。
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

11:2    古人在这信上得了美好的证据。
For by it the elders obtained a good report.

11:3    我们因着信，就知道诸世界是藉神话造成的。这样，所看见的，并不是从显然之物造出来的。
Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.

11:4    亚伯因着献祭与神，比该隐所献的更美，因此便得了称义的见证，就是神指他礼物作的见证。他虽然死了，却因这信仍旧说话。
By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

11:5    以诺因着信被接去，不至于见死。人也找不着他，因为神已经把他接去了。只是他被接去以先，已经得了神喜悦他的明证。
By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

11:6    人非有信就不能得神的喜悦。因为到神面前来的人，必须信有神，且信他赏赐那寻求他的人。
But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

11:7    挪亚因着信，既蒙神指示他未见的事，动了敬畏的心，豫备了一只方舟，使他全家得救。因此就定了那世代的罪，自己也承受了那从信而来的义。
By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.

11:8    亚伯拉罕因着信，蒙召的时候，就遵命出去，往将来要得为业的地方去。出去的时候，还不知往那里去。
By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.

11:9    他因着信，就在所应许之地作客，好像在异地居住帐棚，与那同蒙一个应许的以撒，雅各一样。
By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:

11:10    因为他等候那座有根基的城，就是神所经营所建造的。
For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

11:11    因着信，连撒拉自己，虽然过了生育的岁数，还能怀孕。因他以为那应许他的是可信的。
Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.

11:12    所以从一个彷佛已死的人就生出子孙，如同天上的星那样众多，海边的沙那样无数。
Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.

11:13    这些人都是存着信心死的，并没有得着所应许的，却从远处望见，且欢喜迎接，又承认自己在世上是客旅，是寄居的。
These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.

11:14    说这样话的人，是表明自己要找一个家乡。
For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.

11:15    他们若想念所离开的家乡，还有可以回去的机会。
And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.

11:16    他们却羡慕一个更美的家乡，就是在天上的。所以神被称为他们的神，并不以为耻。因为他已经给他们豫备了一座城。
But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath prepared for them a city.

11:17    亚伯拉罕因着信，被试验的时候，就把以撒献上。这便是那欢喜领受应许的，将自己独生的儿子献上。
By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,

11:18    论到这儿子曾有话说，从以撒生的才要称为你的后裔。
Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called:

11:19    他以为神还能叫人从死里复活。他也彷佛从死中得回他的儿子来。
Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.

11:20    以撒因着信，就指着将来的事，给雅各以扫祝福。
By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.

11:21    雅各因着信，临死的时候，给约瑟的两个儿子各自祝福，扶着杖头敬拜神。
By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.

11:22    约瑟因着信，临终的时候，题到以色列族将来要出埃及，并为自己的骸骨留下遗命。
By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.

11:23    摩西生下来，他的父母见他是个俊美的孩子，就因着信把他藏了三个月，并不怕王命。
By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.

11:24    摩西因着信，长大了就不肯称为法老女儿之子。
By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter;

11:25    他宁可和神的百姓同受苦害，也不愿暂时享受罪中之乐。
Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;

11:26    他看为基督受的凌辱，比埃及的财物更宝贵。因他想望所要得的赏赐。
Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward.

11:27    他因着信就离开埃及，不怕王怒。因为他恒心忍耐，如同看见那不能看见的主）。
By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.

11:28    他因着信，就守逾越节，（守或作立）行洒血的礼，免得那灭长子的临近以色列人。
Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.

11:29    他们因着信，过红海如行乾地。埃及人试着要过去，就被吞灭了。
By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned.

11:30    以色列人因着信，围绕耶利哥城七日，城墙就倒塌了。
By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.

11:31    妓女喇合因着信，曾和和平平的接待探子，就不与那些不顺从的人一同灭亡。
By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace.

11:32    我又何必再说呢。若一一细说，基甸，巴拉，叁孙，耶弗他，大卫，撒母耳，和众先知的事，时候就不够了。
And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets:

11:33    他们因着信，制伏了敌国，行了公义，得了应许，堵了狮子的口。
Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions,

11:34    灭了烈火的猛势，脱了刀剑的锋刃，软弱变为刚强，争战显出勇敢，打退外邦的全军。
Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.

11:35    有妇人得自己的死人复活，又有人忍受严刑，不肯苟且得释放，（释放原文作赎）为要得着更美的复活。
Women received their dead raised to life again: and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection:

11:36    又有人忍受戏弄，鞭打，捆锁，监禁，各等的磨炼。
And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment:

11:37    被石头打死，被锯锯死，受试探，被刀杀。披着绵羊山羊的皮各处奔跑，受穷乏，患难，苦害。
They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;

11:38    在旷野，山岭，山洞，地穴，飘流无定。本是世界不配有的人。
(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth.

11:39    这些人都是因信得了美好的证据，却仍未得着所应许的。
And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:

11:40    因为神给我们豫备了更美的事，叫他们若不与我们同得，就不能完全。
God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　　


12:1    我们既有这许多的见证人，如同云彩围着我们，就当放下各样的重担，脱去容易缠累我们的罪，存心忍耐，奔那摆在我们前头的路程，
Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

12:2    仰望为我们信心创始成终的耶稣。（或作仰望那将真道创始成终的耶稣）他因那摆在前头的喜乐，就轻看羞辱，忍受了十字架的苦难，便坐在神宝座的右边。
Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.

12:3    那忍受罪人这样顶撞的，你们要思想，免得疲倦灰心。
For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds.

12:4    你们与罪恶相争，还没有抵挡到留血的地步。
Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.

12:5    你们又忘了那劝你们如同劝儿子的话，说，我儿，你不可轻看主的管教，被他责备的时候，也不可灰心。
And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:

12:6    因为主所爱的他必管教，又鞭打凡所收纳的儿子。
For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.

12:7    你们所忍受的，是神管教你们，待你们如同待儿子。焉有儿子不被父亲管教的呢。
If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not?

12:8    管教原是众子所共受的，你们若不受管教，就是私子，不是儿子了。
But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons.

12:9    再者，我们曾有生身的父管教我们，我们尚且敬重他，何况万灵的父，我们岂不更当顺服他得生吗。
Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?

12:10    生身的父都是暂随己意管教我们。惟有万灵的父管教我们，是要我们得益处，使我们在他的圣洁上有分。
For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.

12:11    凡管教的事，当时不觉得快乐，凡觉得愁苦。后来却为那经练过的人，结出平安的果子，就是义。
Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.

12:12    所以你们要把下垂的手，发酸的腿，梃起来。
Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;



12:13    也要为自己的脚把道路修直了，使瘸子不至歪脚，反得痊愈。（歪脚或作差路）
And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.

12:14    你们要追求与众人和睦，并要追求圣洁。非圣洁没有人能见主。
Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:

12:15    又要谨慎，恐怕有人失了神的恩。恐怕有毒根生出来扰乱你们，因此叫众人沾染污秽。
Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;

12:16    恐怕有淫乱的，有贪恋世俗如以扫的。他因一点食物把自己长子的名分卖了。
Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.

12:17    后来想要承受父所祝的福，竟被弃绝，虽然号哭切求，却得不着门路，使他父亲的心意回转，这是你们知道的。
For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.

12:18    你们原不是来到那能摸的山，此山有火焰，密云，黑暗，暴风，
For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,

12:19    角声与说话的声音。那些听见这声音的。都求不要再向他们说话。
And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:

12:20    因为他们当不起所命他们的话说，靠近这山的，既便是走兽，也要用石头打死。
(For they could not endure that which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or thrust through with a dart:

12:21    所见的极其可怕，甚至摩西说，我甚是恐惧战竞。
And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)

12:22    你们乃是来到锡安山，永生神的城邑，就是天上的耶路撒冷。那里有千万的天使，
But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,

12:23    有名录在天上诸长子之会所共聚的总会，有审判众人的神，和被成全之义人的灵魂。
To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,

12:24    并新约的中保耶稣，以及所洒的血。这血所说的比亚伯的血所说的更美。
And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel.

12:25    你们总要谨慎，不可弃绝那向你们说话的。因为那些弃绝在地上警戒他们的，尚且不能逃罪，何况我们违背那从天上警戒我们的呢。
See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven:

12:26    当时他的声音震动了地。但如今他应许说，再一次我不单要震动地，还要震动天。
Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he hath promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.

12:27    这再一次的话，是指明被震动的，就是受造之物，都要挪去，使那不被震动的常存。
And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.

12:28    所以我们既得了不能震动的国，就当感恩，照神所喜悦的，用虔诚敬畏的心事奉神。
Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:

12:29    因为我们的神乃是烈火。
For our God is a consuming fire.



新约 -- 希伯来书(Hebrews) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 13 章 )    　


13:1    你们务要存弟兄相爱的心。
Let brotherly love continue.

13:2    不可忘记用爱心接待客旅。因为曾有接待客旅的，不知不觉就接待了天使。
Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.

13:3    你们要记念被捆绑的人，好像与他们同受捆绑，也要记念遭苦害的人，想到自己也在肉身之内。
Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.

13:4    婚姻，人人都当尊重，床也不可污秽。因为苟合行淫的人神必要审判。
Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.

13:5    你们存心不可贪爱钱财。要以自己所有的为足。因为主曾说，我总不撇下你，也不丢去你。
Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.

13:6    所以我们可以放胆说，主是帮助我的，我必不惧怕。人能把我怎吗样呢。
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.

13:7    从前引导你们，传神之道给你们的人，你们要想念他们，效法他们的信心，留心看他们为人的结局。
Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation.

13:8    耶稣基督，昨日今日一直到永远是一样的。
Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

13:9    你们不要被那诸般怪异的教训勾引了去。因为人心靠恩得坚固才是好的。并不是靠饮食。那在饮食上专心的，从来没有得着益处。
Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.

13:10    我们有一祭坛，上面的祭物是那些在帐幕中供职的人不可同吃的。
We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle.

13:11    原来牲畜的血，被大祭司带入圣所作赎罪祭，牲畜的身子，被烧在营外。
For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.

13:12    所以耶稣，要用自己的血叫百姓成圣，也就在城门外受苦。
Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate.

13:13    这样，我们也当出到营外就了他去，忍受他所受的凌辱。
Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach.

13:14    我们在这里本没有常存的城，乃是寻求那将来的城。
For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.

13:15    我们应当靠着耶稣，常常以颂赞为祭献给神，这就是那承认主名之人嘴唇的果子。
By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.

13:16    只是不可忘记行善，和捐输的事。因为这样的祭，是神所喜悦的。
But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.

13:17    你们要依从那些引导你们的，且要顺服。因他们为你们的灵魂时刻儆醒，好像那将来交账的人。你们要使他们交的时候有快乐，不至忧愁。若忧愁就与你们无益了。
Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.

13:18    请你们为我们祷告。因我们自觉良心无亏，愿意凡事按正道而行。
Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly.

13:19    我更求你们为我祷告，使我快些回到你们那里去。
But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.

13:20    但愿赐平安的神，就是那凭永约之血使群羊的大牧人我主耶稣，从死里复活的神，
Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,

13:21    在各样善事上，成全你们，叫你们遵行他的旨意，又藉着耶稣基督在你们心里行他所喜悦的事。愿荣耀归给他，直到永永远远。阿们。
Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

13:22    弟兄们，我略略写给你们，望你们听我劝勉的话。
And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words.

13:23    你们该知道我们的弟兄提摩太已经释放了。他若快来，我必同他夸见你们。
Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.

13:24    请你们问引导你们的诸位和众圣徒安。从意大利来的人也问你们安。
Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you.

13:25    愿恩惠常与你们众人同在。阿们。
Grace be with you all. Amen.





新约 -- 雅各书(James) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


1:1    作神和主耶稣基督仆人的雅各，请散住十二个支派之人的安。
James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.

1:2    我的弟兄们，你们落在百般的试炼中，都要以为大喜乐。
My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;

1:3    因为知道你们的信心经过试验就生忍耐。
Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.

1:4    但忍耐也当成功，使你们成全完备，毫无缺欠。
But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.

1:5    你们中间若有缺少智慧的，应当求那厚赐与众人，也不斥责人的神，主就必赐给他。
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

1:6    只要凭着信心求，一点不疑惑。因为那疑惑的人，就像海中的波浪，被风吹动翻腾。
But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.

1:7    这样的人，不要想从主那里得什么。
For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.

1:8    心怀二意的人，在他一切所行的路上，都没有定见。
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.

1:9    卑微的弟兄升高，就该喜乐。
Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:

1:10    富足的降卑，也该如此。因为他必要过去，如同草上的花一样。
But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.

1:11    太阳出来，热风刮起，草就枯乾，花也凋谢，美容就消没了。那富足的人，在他所行的事上，也要这样衰残。
For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.

1:12    忍受试探的人是有福的。因为他经过试验以后，必得生命的冠冕，这是主应许给那些爱他之人的。
Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.

1:13    人被试探，不可说，我是被神试探。因为神不能被恶试探，他也不试探人。
Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:

1:14    但各人被试探，乃是被自己的私欲牵引诱惑的。
But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.

1:15    私欲既怀了胎，就生出罪来。罪既长成，就生出死来。
Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.

1:16    我亲爱的弟兄们，不要看错了。
Do not err, my beloved brethren.

1:17    各样美善的恩赐，和各样全备的赏赐，都是从上头来的。从众光之父那里降下来的。在他并没有改变，也没有转动的影儿。
Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.

1:18    他按自己的旨意，用真道生了我们，叫我们在他所造的万物中，好像初熟的果子。
Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.

1:19    我亲爱的弟兄们，这是你们所知道的。但你们各人要快快的听，慢慢的说，慢慢的动怒。
Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:

1:20    因为人的怒气，并不成就神的义。
For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.

1:21    所以你们要脱去一切的污秽，和盈馀的邪恶，存温柔的心领受那所栽种的道，就是能救你们灵魂的道。
Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.

1:22    只是你们要行道，不要单单听道，自己欺哄自己。
But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.

1:23    因为听道而不行道的，就像人对着镜子看自己本来的面目。
For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:

1:24    看见，走后，随即忘了他的相貌如何。
For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.

1:25    惟有那详细察看那全备使人自由之律法的，并且时常如此，这人既不是听了就忘，乃是实在行出来，就在他所行的事上必然得福。
But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.

1:26    若有人自以为虔诚，却不勒住他的舌头，反欺哄自己的心，这人的虔诚是虚的。
If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.

1:27    在神我们的父面前，那清洁没有玷污的虔诚，就是看雇在患难中的孤儿寡妇，并且保守自己不沾染世俗。
Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.



新约 -- 雅各书(James) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


2:1    我的弟兄们，你们信奉我们荣耀的主耶稣基督，便不可按着外貌待人。
My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.

2:2    若有一个人带着金戒指，穿着华美衣服，进你们的会堂去。又有一个穷人，穿着肮脏衣服也进去。
For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;

2:3    你们就重看那穿华美衣服的人，说，请坐在这好位上。又对那穷人说，你站在那里，或坐在我脚凳下边。
And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:

2:4    这岂不是你们用偏心待人，用恶意断定人吗。
Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?

2:5    我亲爱的弟兄们请听，神岂不是拣选了世上的贫穷人，叫他们在信上富足，并承受他所应许给那些爱他之人的国吗。
Hearken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him?

2:6    你们反倒羞辱贫穷人。那富足人岂不是欺压你们，拉你们到公堂去吗。
But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?

2:7    他们不是亵渎你们所敬奉的尊名吗。（所敬奉或作被称）
Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?

2:8    经上记着说，要爱人如己。你们若全守这至尊的律法才是好的。
If ye fulfil the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, ye do well:

2:9    但你们若按外貌待人，便是犯罪，被律法定为犯法的。
But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.

2:10    因为凡遵守全律法的，只在一条上跌倒，他就是犯了众条。
For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.

2:11    原来那说不可奸淫的，也说不可杀人。你就是不奸淫，却杀人，仍是成了犯律法的。
For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.

2:12    你们既然要按使人自由的律法受审判，就该照这律法说话行事。
So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.

2:13    因为那不怜悯人的，也要受无怜悯的审判。怜悯原是向审判夸胜。
For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment.

2:14    我的弟兄们，若有人说，自己有信心，却没有行为，有什么益处呢。这信心能救他吗。
What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?

2:15    若是弟兄，或是姐妹，赤身露体，又缺了日用的饮食，
If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,

2:16    你们中间有人对他们说，平平安安的去吧，愿你们穿得暖吃得饱。却不给他们身体所需用的，这有什么益处呢。
And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit?

2:17    这样信心若没有行为就是死的。
Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.

2:18    必有人说，你有信心，我有行为。你将你没有行为的信心指给我看，我便藉着我的行为，将我的信心指给你看。
Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.

2:19    你信神只有一位，你信的不错。鬼魔也信，却是战兢。
Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.

2:20    虚浮的人哪，你愿意知道没有行为的信心是死的吗。
But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?

2:21    我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕，把他儿子以撒献在坛上，岂不是因行为称义吗。
Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?

2:22    可见信心是与他的行为并行，而且信心因着行为才得成全。
Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?

2:23    这就应验经上所说，亚伯拉罕信神，这就算为他的义。他又得称为神的朋友。
And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.

2:24    这样看来，人称义是因着行为，不是单因着信。
Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.

2:25    妓女喇合接待使者，又放他们从别的路出去，不也是一样因行为称义吗。
Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way?

2:26    身体没有灵魂是死的，信心没有行为也是死的。
For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.



新约 -- 雅各书(James) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


3:1    我的弟兄们，不要多人作师父，因为晓得我们要受更的判断。
My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.

3:2    原来我们在许多事上都有过失。若有人在话语上没有过失，他就是完全人，也能勒住自己的全身。
For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.

3:3    我们若把嚼环放在马嘴里，叫他顺服，就能调动他的全身。
Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body.

3:4    看哪，船只虽然甚大，又被大风催逼，只用小小的舵，就随着掌舵的意思转动。
Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.

3:5    这样，舌头在百体里也是最小的，却能说大话。看哪，最小的火能点着最大的树林。
Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!

3:6    舌头就是火，在我们百体中，舌头是个罪恶的世界，能污秽全身，也能把生命的轮子点起来，并且是从地狱里点着的。
And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.

3:7    各类的走兽，飞禽，昆虫，水族，本来都可以制伏，也以经被人制伏了。
For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:

3:8    惟独舌头没有人能制伏，是不止息的恶物，满了害死人的毒气。
But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.

3:9    我们用舌头颂赞那为主为父的，又用舌头咒诅那照着神形像被造的人。
Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.

3:10    颂赞和咒诅从一个口里出来，我的弟兄们，这是不应当的。
Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be.

3:11    泉源从一个眼里能发出甜苦两样的水吗。
Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?

3:12    我的弟兄们，无花果树能生橄榄吗，葡萄树能结无花果吗。咸水里也不能发出甜水来。
Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.

3:13    你们中间有智慧有见识的呢。他就当在智慧的温柔上，显出他的善行来。
Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.

3:14    你们心里若怀着苦毒的嫉妒和分争，就不可自夸，也不可说谎话抵挡真道。
But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth.

3:15    这样的智慧，不是从上头来的，乃是属地的，属情欲的，属鬼魔的。
This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish.

3:16    在何处有嫉妒分争，就在何处有扰乱，和各样的坏事。
For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work.

3:17    惟独从上头来的智慧，先是清洁，后是和平，温良柔顺，满有怜悯，多结善果，没有偏见，没有假冒。
But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.

3:18    并且使人和平的，是用和平所栽种的义果。
And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.



新约 -- 雅各书(James) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


4:1    你们中间的争战斗殴，是从那里来的呢。不是从你们百体中战斗之私欲来的吗。
From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?

4:2    你们贪恋，还是得不着。你们杀害嫉妒，又斗殴争战，也不能得。你们得不着，是因为你们不求。
Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.

4:3    你们求也得不着，是因为你们妄求，要浪费在你们的宴乐中。
Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.



4:4    你们这些淫乱的人哪，（淫乱的人原文作淫妇）岂不知与世俗为友，就是与神为敌吗。所以凡想要与世俗为友的，就是与神为敌了。
Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.

4:5    你们想经上所说的是徒然的吗。神所赐住在我们里面的灵，是恋爱至于嫉妒吗。
Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy?

4:6    但他赐更多的恩典。所以经上说，神阻挡骄傲的人，赐恩给谦卑的人。
But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.

4:7    故此你们要顺服神，务要抵挡魔鬼，魔鬼就必离开你们逃跑了。
Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.

4:8    你们亲近神，神就必亲近你们。有罪的人哪，要洁净你们的手。心怀二意的人哪，要清洁你们的心。
Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.

4:9    你们要愁苦，悲哀，哭泣。将喜笑变作悲哀，欢乐变作愁闷。
Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.

4:10    务要在主面前自卑，主就比叫你们升高。
Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.

4:11    弟兄们，你们不可彼此批评。人若批评弟兄，论断弟兄，就是批评律法，论断律法。你若论断律法，就不是遵行律法，乃是判断人的。
Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.

4:12    设立律法和判断人的，只有一位，就是那能救人也能灭人的。你是谁，竟敢论断别人呢。
There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?

4:13    ？？，你们有话说，今天明天我们要往某城里去，在那里住一年，作买卖得利。
Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:

4:14    其实明天如何，你们还不知道。你们的生命是什么呢。你们原来是一片云雾，出现少时就不见了。
Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away.

4:15    你们只当说，主若愿意，我们就可以活着，也可以作这事，或作那事。
For that ye ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that.

4:16    现今你们竟以张狂跨口。凡这样跨口都是恶的。
But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil.

4:17    人若知道行善，却不去行，这就是他的罪了。
Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.



新约 -- 雅各书(James) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


5:1    ？？，你们这些富足人哪，应当哭泣，号？？，因为将有苦难临到你们身上。
Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.

5:2    你们的财物坏了，衣服也被虫子咬了。
Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten.

5:3    你们的金银都长了锈。那锈要证明你们的不是，又要吃你们的肉，如同火烧。你们在这末世，只知积攒钱财。
Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.

5:4    工人给你们收割庄稼，你们亏欠他们的工钱。这工钱有声音呼叫。并且那收割之人的冤声，已经入了万军之主的耳了。
Behold, the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth.

5:5    你们在世上享美福，好宴乐，当宰杀的日子竟娇养你们的心。
Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter.

5:6    你们定了义人的罪，把他杀害，他也不抵挡你们。
Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you.

5:7    弟兄们哪，你们要忍耐直到主来。看哪，农夫忍耐等候地里宝贵的出产，直到得了秋雨春雨。
Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain.

5:8    你们也当忍耐，坚固你们的心。因为主来的日子近了。
Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.

5:9    弟兄们，你们不要彼此埋怨，免得受审判。看哪，审判的主站在门前了。
Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door.

5:10    弟兄们，你们要把那先前奉主名说话的众先知，当作能受苦能忍耐的榜样。
Take, my brethren, the prophets, who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.

5:11    那先前忍耐的人，我们称他们是有福的，你们听见过约伯的忍耐，也知道主给他的结局，明显主是满有怜悯，大有慈悲。
Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.

5:12    我的弟兄们，最要紧的是不可起誓。不可指着天起誓，也不可指着地起誓，无论何誓都不可起。你们说话，是就说是，不是就说不是，免得你们落在审判之下。
But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.

5:13    你们中间有受苦的呢，他就该祷告。有喜乐的呢，他就该歌颂。
Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.

5:14    你们中间有病了的呢，他就该请教会的长老来。他们可以奉主的名用油抹他，为他祷告。
Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:

5:15    出于信心的祈祷，要救那病人，主必叫他起来。他若犯了罪，也必蒙赦免。
And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

5:16    所以你们要彼此认罪，互相代求，使你们可以得医治。义人祈祷所发的力量，是大有功效的。
Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

5:17    以利亚与我们是一样性情的人，他恳切祷告，求不要下雨，雨就三年零六个月不下在地上。
Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.

5:18    他又祷告，天就降下雨来，地也生出土产。
And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.

5:19    我的弟兄们，你们中间若有失迷真道的，有人使他回转。
Brethren, if any of you do err from the truth, and one convert him;

5:20    这人该知道叫一个罪人从迷路上转回，便是救一个灵魂不死，并且遮盖许多的罪。
Let him know, that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.





新约 -- 彼得前书(1Peter) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


1:1    耶稣基督的使徒彼得，写信给那分散在本都，加拉太，加帕多家，亚细亚，庇推尼寄居的。
Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,

1:2    就是照父神的先见被拣选，藉着圣灵得成圣洁，以致顺服耶稣基督，又蒙他血所洒的人。愿恩惠平安，多多的加给你们。
Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.

1:3    愿颂赞归与我们的主耶稣基督的父神，他曾照自己的大怜悯，藉耶稣基督从死里复活重生了我们，教我们有活泼的盼望，
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,

1:4    可以得着不能朽坏，不能玷污，不能衰残，为你们存留在天上的基业。
To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you,

1:5    你们这因信蒙神能力保守的人，必能得着所豫备，到末世要显现的救恩。
Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.

1:6    因此，你们是大有喜乐，但如今，在百般的试炼中暂时忧愁。
Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:

1:7    叫你们的信心既被试验，就比那被火试验，仍然能坏的金子，更显宝贵。可以在耶稣基督显现的时候，得着称赞，荣耀，尊贵。
That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:

1:8    你们虽然没有见过他，却是爱他。如今虽不得看见，却因信他就有说不出来，满有荣光的大喜乐。
Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:

1:9    并且得着你们信心的果效，就是灵魂的救恩。
Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.

1:10    论到这救恩，那豫先说你们要得恩典的众先知，早已详细的寻求考察。
Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:

1:11    就是考察在他们心里基督的灵，豫先证明基督受苦难，后来得荣耀，是指着什么时候，并怎样的时候。
Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.

1:12    他们得了启示，知道他们所传讲的一切事（传讲原文作服事），不是为自己，乃是为你们。那靠着从天上差来的圣灵，传福音给你们的人，现在将这些事报给你们。天使也愿意详细察看这些事。
Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.

1:13    所以要约束你们的心（原文作束上你们心中的腰），谨慎自守，专心盼望耶稣基督显现的时候所带来给你们的恩。
Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;

1:14    你们既作顺命的儿女，就不要效法从前蒙昧无知的时候，那放纵私欲的样子。
As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:

1:15    那召你们的既是圣洁，你们在一切所行的事上也要圣洁。
But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;

1:16    因为经上记着说，你们要圣洁，因为我是圣洁的。
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.

1:17    你们既称那不偏待人，按各人行为审判人的主为父，就当存敬畏的心，度你们在世寄居的日子。
And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:

1:18    知道你们得救赎，脱去你们祖宗所传流虚妄的行为，不是凭着能坏的金银等物。
Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;

1:19    乃是凭着基督的宝血，如同无瑕疵无玷污的羔羊之血。
But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:

1:20    基督在创世以前，是豫先被神知道的，却在这末世，才为你们显现。
Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,

1:21    你们也因信着他，信那叫他从死里复活，又给他荣耀的神，叫你们的信心，和盼望，都在于神。
Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.

1:22    你们既因顺从真理，洁净了自己的心，以致爱弟兄没有虚假，就当从心里彼此切实相爱。从心里有古卷作从清洁的心
Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:

1:23    你们蒙了重生，不是由于能坏的种子，乃是由于不能坏的种子，是藉着神活泼常存的道。
Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.

1:24    因为凡有血气的，尽都如草，他的美荣，都像草上的花。草必枯乾，花必凋谢。
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away:

1:25    惟有主的道是永存的。所传给你们的福音就是这道。
But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.




新约 -- 彼得前书(1Peter) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


2:1    所以你们既除去一切的恶毒（或作阴毒），诡诈，并假善，嫉妒，和一切毁谤的话，
Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speakings,

2:2    就要爱慕那纯净的灵奶，像才生的婴孩爱慕奶一样，叫你们因此渐长，以致得救。
As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:

2:3    你们若尝过主恩的滋味，就必如此
If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.

2:4    主乃活石。固然是被人所弃的，却是被神所拣选所宝贵的。
To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,

2:5    你们来到主面前，也就像活石，被建造成为灵宫，作圣洁的祭司，藉着耶稣基督奉献神所悦纳的灵祭。
Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.

2:6    因为经上说，看哪，我把所拣选所宝贵的房角石，安放在锡安。信靠他的人，必不至于羞愧。
Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded.

2:7    所以他在你们信的人就为宝贵，在那不信的人有话说，匠人所弃的石头，已作了房角的头块石头。
Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,

2:8    又说，作了绊脚的石头，跌人的磐石。他们既不顺从，就在道理上绊跌。（或作他们绊跌都因不顺从道理）他们这样绊跌也是豫定的。
And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.

2:9    惟有你们是被拣选的族类，是有君尊的祭司，是圣洁的国度，是属神的子民，要叫你们宣扬那召你们出黑暗入奇妙光明者的美德。
But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:

2:10    你们从前算不得子民，现在却作了神的子民。从前未曾蒙怜恤，现在却蒙了怜恤。
Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.

2:11    亲爱的弟兄阿你们是客旅，是寄居的。我劝你们要禁戒肉体的私欲。这私欲是与灵魂争战的。
Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;

2:12    你们在外邦人中，应当品行端正，叫那些毁谤你们是作恶的，因看见你们的好行为，便在鉴察的日子（鉴察或作眷顾），归荣耀给神。
Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.

2:13    你们为主的缘故，要顺服人的一切制度，或是在上的君王，
Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;

2:14    或是君王所派罚恶赏善的臣宰。
Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.

2:15    因为神的旨意原是要你们行善，可以堵住那糊涂无知人的口。
For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:

2:16    你们虽是自由的，却不可藉着自由遮盖恶毒（或作阴毒），总要作神的仆人。
As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God.

2:17    务要尊敬众人。亲爱教中的弟兄。敬畏神。尊敬君王。
Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.

2:18    你们作仆人的，凡事要存敬畏的心顺服主人。不但顺服那善良温和的，就是那乖僻的也要顺服。
Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward.

2:19    倘若人为叫良心对得住神，就忍受冤屈的苦楚，这是可喜爱的。
For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully.

2:20    你们若因犯罪受责打，能忍耐，有什么可夸的呢。但你们若因行善受苦，若能忍耐，这在神看是可喜爱的。
For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.

2:21    你们蒙恩原是为此。因基督也为你们受过苦，给你们留下榜样，叫你们跟随他的脚踪行。
For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:

2:22    他并没有犯罪，口里也没有诡诈。
Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:

2:23    他被骂不还口。受害不说威吓的话。只将自己交托那按公义审判人的主。
Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously:

2:24    他被挂在木头上亲身担当了我们的罪，使我们既然在罪上死，就得以在义上活。因他受的鞭伤，你们便得医治。
Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

2:25    你们从前好像迷路的羊。如今却归到你们灵魂的牧人监督了。
For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.




新约 -- 彼得前书(1Peter) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


3:1    你们作妻子的，要顺服自己的丈夫。这样，若有不信从道理的丈夫，他们虽然不听道，也可以因妻子的品行被感化过来。
Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;

3:2    这是因为看见你们有贞洁的品行，和敬畏的心。
While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.

3:3    你们不要以外面的辫头发，戴金饰，穿美衣，为妆饰，
Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;

3:4    只要以里面存着长久温柔安静的心为妆饰。这在神面前是极宝贵的。
But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price.

3:5    因为古时仰赖神的圣洁妇人，正是以此为妆饰，顺服自己的丈夫。
For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:

3:6    就如撒拉听从亚伯拉罕，称他为主。你们若行善，不因恐吓而害怕，便是撒拉的女儿了。
Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.

3:7    你们作丈夫的，也要按情理和妻子同住（情理原文作知识）。因他比你软弱（比你软弱原文是软弱的器皿），与你一同承受生命之恩的，所以要敬重他。这样便叫你们的祷告没有阻碍。
Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.

3:8    总而言之，你们都要同心，彼此体恤，相爱如弟兄，存慈怜谦卑的心。
Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:

3:9    不要以恶报恶，以辱骂还辱骂，倒要祝福。因你们是为此蒙召，好叫你们承受福气。
Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing.

3:10    因为经上说，人若爱生命，愿享美福，须要禁止舌头不出恶言，嘴唇不说诡诈的话。
For he that will love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile:

3:11    也要离恶行善。寻求和睦，一心追赶。
Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.

3:12    因为主的眼看顾义人，主的耳听他们的祈祷。惟有行恶的人，主向他们变脸。
For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil.

3:13    你们若是热心行善，有谁害你们呢。
And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good?

3:14    你们就是为义受苦，也是有福的。不要怕人的威吓，也不要惊慌（的威吓或作所怕的）。
But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;

3:15    只要心里尊主基督为圣。有人问你们心中盼望的缘由，就要常作准备，以温柔敬畏的心回答各人。
But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear:

3:16    存着无亏的良心，叫你们在何事上被毁谤，就在何事上，可以叫那诬赖你们在基督里有好品行的人，自觉羞愧。
Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.

3:17    神的旨意若叫你们因行善受苦，总强如因行恶受苦。
For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing.

3:18    因基督也曾一次为罪受苦（受苦有古卷作受死），就是义的代替不义的，为要引我们到神面前。按着肉体说他被治死。按着灵性说他复活了。
For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:

3:19    他藉这灵，曾去传道给那些在监狱里的灵听。
By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;

3:20    就是那从前在挪亚豫备方舟，神容忍等待的时候，不信从的人。当时进入方舟，藉着水得救的不多，只有八个人。
Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.

3:21    这水所表明的洗礼，现在藉着耶稣基督复活。也拯救你们。这洗礼本不在乎除掉肉体的污秽，只求在神面前有无亏的良心。
The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:

3:22    耶稣已经进入天堂，在神的右边。众天使和有权炳的，并有能力的，都服从了他。
Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him.




新约 -- 彼得前书(1Peter) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


4:1    基督既在肉身受苦，你们也当将这样的心志作为兵器。因为在肉身受过苦的，就已经与罪断绝了。
Forasmuch then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin;

4:2    你们存这样的心，从今以后，就可以不从人的情欲，只从神的旨意，在世度馀下的光阴。
That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God.

4:3    因为往日随从外邦人的心意，行邪淫，恶欲，醉酒，荒宴，群饮，并可恶拜偶像的事，时候已经够了。
For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries:

4:4    他们在这些事上，见你们不与他们同奔那放荡无度的路，就以为怪毁谤你们。
Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you:

4:5    他们必在那将要审判活人死人的主面前交账。
Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.

4:6    为此，就是死人也曾有福音传给他们，要叫他们的肉体按着人受审判，他们的灵性却靠神活着。
For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.

4:7    万物的结局近了。所以你们要谨慎自守，儆醒祷告。
But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.

4:8    最要紧的是彼此切实相爱。因为爱能遮掩许多的罪。
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.

4:9    你们要互相款待，不发怨言。
Use hospitality one to another without grudging.

4:10    各人要照所得的恩赐彼此服事，作神百般恩赐的好管家。
As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.

4:11    若有讲道的，要按着神的圣言讲。若有服事人的，要按着神所赐的力量服事。叫神在凡事上因耶稣基督得荣耀。原来荣耀权能都是他的，直到永永远远。阿们。
If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.

4:12    亲爱的弟兄阿，有火炼的试验临到你们，不要以为奇怪，（似乎是遭遇非常的事）
Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:

4:13    倒要欢喜。因为你们是与基督一同受苦，使你们在他荣耀显现的时候，也可以欢喜快乐。
But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.

4:14    你们若为基督的名受辱骂，便是有福的。因为神荣耀的灵，常住在你们身上。
If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.

4:15    你们中间却不可有人，因为杀人，偷窃，作恶，好管闲事而受苦。
But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.

4:16    若为作基督徒受苦，却不要羞耻。倒要因这名归荣耀给神。
Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.

4:17    因为时候到了，审判要从神的家起首。若是先从我们起首，那不信从神福音的人，将有何等的结局呢。
For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?

4:18    若是义人仅仅得救，那不虔敬和犯罪的人，将有何地可站呢。
And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?

4:19    所以那照神旨意受苦的人，要一心为善，将自己灵魂交与那信实的造化之主。
Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator.




新约 -- 彼得前书(1Peter) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


5:1    我这作长老，作基督受苦的见证，同享后来所要显现之荣耀的，劝你们中间与我同作长老的人。
The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:

5:2    务要牧养在你们中间神的群羊，按着神旨意照管他们。不是出于勉强，乃是出于甘心。也不是因为贪财，乃是出于乐意。
Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;

5:3    也不是辖制所托付你们的，乃是作群羊的榜样。
Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.

5:4    到了牧长显现的时候，你们必得那永不衰残的荣耀冠冕。
And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away.

5:5    你们年幼的，也要顺服年长的。就是你们众人，也都要以谦卑束腰，彼此顺服。因为神阻挡骄傲的人，赐恩给谦卑的人。
Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.

5:6    所以你们要自卑，服在神大能的手下，到了时候他必叫你们升高。
Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:

5:7    你们要将一切的忧虑卸给神，因为他顾念你们。
Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.

5:8    务要谨守，儆醒。因为你们的仇敌魔鬼，如同吼叫的狮子，遍地游行，寻梢可吞吃的人。
Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:

5:9    你们要用坚固的信心抵挡他，因为知道你们在世上的众弟兄，也是经历这样的苦难。
Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.



5:10    那赐诸般恩典的神，曾在基督里召你们，得亨他永远的荣耀，等你们暂受苦难之后，必要亲自成全你们，坚固你们，赐力量给你们。
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.

5:11    愿权能归给他，直到永永远远。阿们。
To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.

5:12    我略略的写了这信，托我所看为忠心的兄弟西拉转交你们，劝勉你们，又证明这恩是神的真恩。你们务要在这恩上站立得住。
By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.

5:13    在巴比伦与你们同蒙拣选的教会问你们安。我儿子马可也问你们安。
The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, saluteth you; and so doth Marcus my son.

5:14    你们要用爱心彼此亲嘴问安。愿平安归与你们凡在基督里的人。
Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen.






新约 -- 彼得后书(2Peter) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


1:1    作耶稣基督仆人和使徒的西门彼得，写信给那因我们的神，和（有古卷无和字）救主耶稣基督之义，与我们同得一样宝贵信心的人。
Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:

1:2    愿恩惠平安，因你们认识神和我们主耶稣，多多的加给你们。
Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,

1:3    神的神能已经将一切关乎生命和虔敬的事赐给我们，皆因我们认识那用自己荣耀和美德召我们的主。
According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:

1:4    因此他已将又宝贵又极大的应许赐给我们，叫我们既脱离世上从情欲来的败坏，就得与神的性情有分。
Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.

1:5    正因这缘故，你们要分外的殷勤。有了信心，又要加上德行。有了德行，又要加上知识。
And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;

1:6    有了知识，又要加上节制。有了节制，又要加上忍耐。有了忍耐，又要加上虔敬。
And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;

1:7    有了虔敬，又要加上爱弟兄的心。有了爱弟兄的心，又要加上爱众人的心
And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.

1:8    你们若充充足足的有这几样，就必使你们在认识我们的主耶稣基督上，不至于闲懒不结果子了。
For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.

1:9    人若没有这几样，就是眼瞎，只看见近处的，忘了他旧日的罪已经得了洁净。
But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.

1:10    所以弟兄们，应当更加殷勤，使你们所蒙的恩召和拣选坚定不移。你们若行这几样，就永不失脚。
Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:

1:11    这样，必叫你们丰丰富富的，得以进入我们主救主耶稣基督永远的国。
For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.

1:12    你们虽然晓得这些事，并且在你们已有的真道上坚固，我却要将这些事常常题醒你们。
Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth.

1:13    我以为应当趁我还在这帐棚的时候题醒你们，激发你们。
Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;

1:14    因为知道我脱离这帐棚的时候快到了，正如我们主耶稣基督所指示我的。
Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me.

1:15    并且我尽心竭力，使你们在我去世以后，时常记念这些事。
Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.

1:16    我们从前，将我们主耶稣基督的大能，和他降临的事，告诉你们，并不是随从乖巧捏造的虚言，乃是亲眼见过他的威荣。
For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.

1:17    他从父神得尊贵荣耀的时候，从极大荣光之中，有声音出来向他说，这是我的爱子，我所喜悦的。
For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

1:18    我们同他在圣山的时候，亲自听见这声音从天上出来。
And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.

1:19    我们并有先知更确的预言，如同灯照在暗处。你们在这预言上留意，直等到天发亮晨星在你们心里出现的时候，才是好的。
We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:

1:20    第一要紧的，该知道经上所有的预言，没有可随私意解说的。
Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.

1:21    因为预言从来没有出于人意的，乃是人被圣灵感动说出神的话来。
For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.




新约 -- 彼得后书(2Peter) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　　


2:1    从前在百姓中有假先知起来，将来在你们中间，也必有假师傅，私自引进害人的异端，连买他们的主他们也不承认，自取速速的灭亡。
But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.

2:2    将有许多人随从他们邪淫的行为，便叫真道，因他们的缘故被毁谤。
And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.

2:3    他们因有贪心，要用捏造的言语，在你们身上取利。他们的刑罚，自古以来并不迟延，他们的灭亡也必速速来到（原文作也不打盹）。
And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not.

2:4    就是天使犯了罪，神也没有宽容，曾把他们丢在地狱，交在黑暗坑中，等候审判。
For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;

2:5    神也没有宽容上古的世代，曾叫洪水临到那不敬虔的世代，却保护了传义道的挪亚一家八口。
And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;

2:6    又判定所多玛，蛾摩拉，将二城倾覆，焚烧成灰，作为后世不敬虔人的监戒。
And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly;

2:7    只搭救了那常为恶人淫行忧伤的义人罗得。
And delivered just Lot, vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked:

2:8    因为那义人住在他们中间，看见听见他们不法的事，他的义心就天天伤痛。
(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)

2:9    主知道搭救敬虔的人脱离试探，把不义的人留在刑罚之下，等候审判的日子。
The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:

2:10    那些随肉身，纵污秽的情欲，轻慢主治之人的，更是如此。他们胆大任性，毁谤在尊位的也不知惧怕。
But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.

2:11    就是天使，虽然力量权能更大，还不用毁谤的话在主面前告他们。
Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord.

2:12    但这些人好像没有灵性，生来就是畜类，以备捉拿宰杀的。他们毁谤所不晓得的事，正在败坏人的时候，自己必遭遇败坏。
But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;

2:13    行的不义，就得了不义的工价。这些人喜爱白昼宴乐，他们已被玷污，又有瑕疵，正与你们一同坐席，就以自己的诡诈为快乐。
And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you;

2:14    他们满眼是淫色（淫色原文作淫妇），止不住犯罪。引诱那心不坚固的人，心中习惯了贪婪，正是被咒诅的种类。
Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed children:

2:15    他们离弃正路，就走差了，随从比珥之子巴兰的路，巴兰就是那贪爱不义之工价的先知。
Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness;

2:16    他们却为自己的过犯受了责备。那不能说话的驴，以人言拦阻先知的狂妄。
But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet.

2:17    这些人是无水的井，是狂风催逼的雾气，有墨黑的幽暗为他们存留。
These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.

2:18    他们说虚妄矜夸的大话，用肉身的情欲，和邪淫的事，引诱那些刚才脱离妄行的人。
For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.

2:19    他们应许人得以自由，自己却作败坏的奴仆。因为人被谁制伏就是谁的奴仆。
While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.

2:20    倘若他们因认识主救主耶稣基督，得以脱离世上的污秽，后来又在其中被缠住制伏，他们末后的景况，就比先前更不好了。
For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.

2:21    他们晓得义路，竟背弃了传给他们的圣命，倒不如不晓得为妙。
For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them.

2:22    俗语说得真不错，狗所吐的他转过来又吃。猪洗净了又回到泥里去辊。这话在他们身上正合式。
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.




新约 -- 彼得后书(2Peter) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 3 章 )    　


3:1    亲爱的兄弟阿，我现在写给你们的是第二封信。这两封都是题醒你们，激发你们诚实的心。
This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:

3:2    叫你们记念圣先知豫先所说的话，和主救主的命令，就是使徒所传给你们的。
That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:

3:3    第一要紧的，该知道在末世必有好讥诮的人，随从自己的私欲出来讥诮说，
Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,

3:4    主要降临的应许在那里呢。因为从列祖睡了以来，万物与起初创造的时候仍是一样。
And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.

3:5    他们故意忘记，从太古凭神的命有了天，并从水而出藉水而成的地。
For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water:

3:6    故此，当时的世界被水淹没就消灭了。
Whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished:

3:7    但现在的天地，还是凭着那命存留，直留到不敬虔之人受审判遭沈沦的日子，用火焚烧。
But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.

3:8    亲爱的弟兄阿，有一件事你们不可忘记，就是主看一日如千年，千年如一日。
But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.

3:9    主所应许的尚未成就，有人以为他是耽延，其实不是耽延，乃是宽容你们，不愿有一人沈沦，乃愿人人都悔改。
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

3:10    但主的日子要像贼来到一样。那日天必大有响声废去，有形质的都要被烈火销化。地和其上的物都要烧尽了。
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.

3:11    这一切既都要如此销化，你们为人该当怎样圣洁，怎样敬虔，
Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness,

3:12    切切仰望神的日子来到。在那日天被烧就销化了，有形质的都要被烈火熔化。
Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat?

3:13    但我们照他的应许，盼望新天新地，有义居在其中。
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.

3:14    亲爱的弟兄阿，你们既盼望这些事，就当殷勤，使自己没有玷污，无可指摘，安然见主。
Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless.

3:15    并且要以我主长久忍耐为得救的因由，就如我们所亲爱的兄弟保罗，照着所赐给他的智慧，写了信给你们。
And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;

3:16    他一切的信上，也都是讲论这事。信中有些难明白的，那无学问不坚固的人强解，如强解别的经书一样，就自取沈沦。
As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.

3:17    亲爱的弟兄阿，你们既然豫先知道这事，就当防备，恐怕被恶人的错谬诱惑，就从自己坚固的地步上坠落。
Ye therefore, beloved, seeing ye know these things before, beware lest ye also, being led away with the error of the wicked, fall from your own stedfastness.

3:18    你们却要在我们主救主耶稣基督的恩典和知识上有长进。愿荣耀归给他，从今直到永远。阿们。
But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.






新约 -- 约翰壹书(1 John) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　


1:1    论到从起初原有的生命之道，就是我们所听见所看见的，亲眼看过，亲手摸过的。
That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;

1:2    （这生命已经显现出来，我们也看见过，现在又作见证，将原与父同在，且显现与我们那永远的生命，传给你们）。
(For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)

1:3    我们将所看见，所听见的，传给你们，使你们与我们相交。我们乃是与父并他儿子耶稣基督相交的。
That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.

1:4    我们将这些话写给你们，使你们（有古卷作我们）的喜乐充足。
And these things write we unto you, that your joy may be full.

1:5    神就是光，在他毫无黑暗。这是我们从主所听见，又报给你们的信息。
This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.

1:6    我们若说是与神相交，却仍在黑暗里行，就是说谎话，不行真理了。
If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:

1:7    我们若在光明中行，如同神在光明中，就彼此相交，他儿子耶稣的血也洗净我们一切的罪。
But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

1:8    我们若说自己无罪，便是自欺，真里不在我们心里了。
If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.

1:9    我们若认自己的罪，神是信实的，是公义的，必要赦免我们的罪，洗净我们一切的不义。
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.

1:10    我们若说自己没有犯过罪，便是以神为说谎的。他的道也不在我们心里了。
If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.




新约 -- 约翰壹书(1 John) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


2:1    我小子们哪，我将这些话写给你们，是要叫你们不犯罪。若有人犯罪，在父那里我们有一位中保，就是那义者耶稣基督。
My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:

2:2    他为我们的罪作了挽回祭。不是单为我们的罪，也是为普天下人的罪。
And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world.

2:3    我们若遵守他的诫命，就晓得是认识他。
And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.

2:4    人若说我认识他，却不遵守他的诫命，便是说谎话的。真里也不在他心里了。
He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.

2:5    凡遵守主道的，爱神的心在他里面实在是完全的，从此我们知道我们是在主里面。
But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him.

2:6    人若说他住在主里面，就该自己照主所行的去行。
He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.

2:7    亲爱的弟兄阿，我写给你们的，不是一条新命令，乃是你们从起初所受的旧命令。这旧命令就是你们所听见的道。
Brethren, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which ye have heard from the beginning.

2:8    再者，我写给你们的，是一条新命令，在主是真的，在你们也是真的。因为黑暗渐渐过去，真光已经照耀。
Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth.

2:9    人若说自己在光明中。却恨他的弟兄，他到如今还是在黑暗里。
He that saith he is in the light, and hateth his brother, is in darkness even until now.

2:10    爱弟兄的就是住在光明中，在他并没有绊跌的缘由。
He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him.

2:11    唯独恨弟兄的是在黑暗里，且在黑暗里行，也不知道往那里去，因为黑暗叫他眼睛瞎了。
But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.

2:12    小子们哪，我写信给你们，因为你们的罪藉着主名得了赦免。
I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake.

2:13    父老阿，我写信给你们，因为你们认识那从起初原有的。少年人哪，我写信给你们，因为你们胜了那恶者。小子们哪，我曾写信给你们，因为你们认识父。
I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father.

2:14    父老阿，我曾写信给你们，因为你们认识那从起初原有的。少年人哪，我曾写信给你们，因为你们刚强，神的道常存在你们心里，你们也胜了那恶者。
I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.



2:15    不要爱世界，和世界上的事。人若爱世界，爱父的心就不在他里面了。
Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

2:16    因为凡世界上的事，就像肉体的情欲，眼目的情欲，并今生的骄傲，都不是从父来的，乃是从世界来的。
For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.

2:17    这世界，和其上的情欲，都要过去。唯独遵行神旨意的，是永远常存。
And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.

2:18    小子们哪，如今是末时了。你们曾听见说，那敌基督的要来现在已经有好些敌基督的出来了。从此我们就知道如今是末时了。
Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.

2:19    他们从我们中间出去，却不是属我们的。若是属我们的，就必仍旧与我们同在。他们出去，显明都不是属我们的。
They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.

2:20    你们从那圣者受了恩膏，并且知道这一切的事。（或作都有知识）
But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.

2:21    我写信给你们，不是因你们不知道真理，正是因你们知道，并且知道没有虚谎是从真理出来的。
I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.

2:22    谁是说谎话的呢。不是那不认耶稣为基督的吗。不认父与子的，这就是敌基督的。
Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.

2:23    凡不认子的就没有父。认子的连父也有了。
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also.

2:24    论到你们，务要将那从起初所听见的常存在心里。若将从起初所听见的存在心里，你们就必住在子里面，也必住在父里面。
Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.

2:25    主所应许我们的就是永生。
And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life.

2:26    我将这些话写给你们，是指着那引诱你们的人说的。
These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.

2:27    你们从主所受的恩膏，常存在你们心里，并不用人教训你们。自有主的恩膏在凡事上教训你们。这恩膏是真的，不是假的。你们要按这恩膏的教训，住在主里面。
But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.

2:28    小子们哪，你们要住在主里面。这样，他若显现，我们就可以坦然无惧。当他来的时候，在他面前也不至于惭愧。
And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.

2:29    你们若知道他是公义的，就知道凡行公义之人都是他所生的。
If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.




新约 -- 约翰壹书(1 John) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


3:1    你看父赐给我们是何等的慈爱，使我们得称为神的儿女。我们也真是他的儿女。世人所以不认识我们，是因未曾认识他。
Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not.

3:2    亲爱的弟兄阿，我们现在是神的儿女，将来如何，还未显明。但我们知道主若显现，我们必要像他。因为必得见他的真体。
Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

3:3    凡向他有这指望的，就洁净自己，像他洁净一样。
And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure.

3:4    凡犯罪的，就是违背律法。违背律法就是罪。
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.

3:5    你们知道主曾显现，是要除掉人的罪。在他并没有罪。
And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin.

3:6    凡住在他里面的，就不犯罪。凡犯罪的，是未曾看见他，也未曾认识他。
Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not: whosoever sinneth hath not seen him, neither known him.

3:7    小子们哪，不要被人诱惑，行义的才是义人。正如主是义的一样。
Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.

3:8    犯罪的是属魔鬼，因为魔鬼从起初就犯罪。神的儿子显现出来，为要除灭魔鬼的作为。
He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.

3:9    凡从神生的就不犯罪，因神的道（原文作种）存在他心里。他也不能犯罪，因为他是由神生的。
Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.

3:10    从此就显明出谁是神的儿女，谁是魔鬼的儿女。凡不行义的，就不属神。不爱弟兄的也是如此。
In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother.

3:11    我们应当彼此相爱。这就是你们从起初所听见的命令。
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.

3:12    不可像该隐。他是属那恶者，杀了他的兄弟。为什么杀了他呢。因为自己的行为是恶的，兄弟的行为是善的。
Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous.

3:13    弟兄们，世人若恨你们，不要以为希奇。
Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.

3:14    我们因为爱弟兄，就晓得是已经出死入生了。没有爱心的，仍住在死中。
We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.

3:15    凡恨他弟兄的，就是杀人的。你们晓得凡杀人的，没有永生存在他里面。
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.

3:16    主为我们舍命，我们从此就知道何为爱。我们也应当为弟兄舍命。
Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.

3:17    凡有世上财物的，看见弟兄穷乏，却塞住怜恤的心，爱神的心怎能存在他里面呢。
But whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?

3:18    小子们哪，我们相爱，不要只在言语和舌头上。总要在行为和诚实上。
My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.

3:19    从此就知道我们是属真理的，并且我们的心在神面前可以安稳。
And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him.

3:20    我们的心若责备我们，神比我们的心大，一切事没有不知道的。
For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things.

3:21    亲爱的弟兄阿，我们的心若不责备我们，就可以向神坦然无惧了。
Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.

3:22    并且我们一切所求的，就从他得着。因为我们遵守他的命令，行他所喜悦的事。
And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.

3:23    神的命令就是叫我们信他儿子耶稣基督的名，且照他所赐给我们的命令彼此相爱。
And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us commandment.

3:24    遵守神命令的，就住在神里面。神也住在他里面。我们所以知道神住在我们里面，是因他所赐给我们的圣灵。
And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.




新约 -- 约翰壹书(1 John) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 5 章 )    　　


4:1    亲爱的弟兄阿，一切的灵，你们不可都信。总要试验那些灵是出于神的不是。因为世上有许多假先知已经出来了。
Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.

4:2    凡灵认耶稣基督是成了肉身来的，就是出于神的。从此你们可以认出神的灵来。
Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:

4:3    凡灵不认耶稣，就不是出于神。这是敌基督者的灵。你们从前听见他要来。现在已经在世上了。
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.

4:4    小子们哪，你们是属神的，并且胜了他们。因为那在你们里面的，比那在世界上的更大。
Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.

4:5    他们是属世界的。所以论世界的事，世人也听从他们。
They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.

4:6    我们是属神的。认识神的就听从我们。不属神的就不听从我们。从此我们可以认出真理的灵，和谬妄的灵来。
We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.

4:7    亲爱的弟兄阿，我们应当彼此相爱。因为爱是从神来的。凡有爱心的，都是由神而生，并且认识神。
Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.

4:8    没有爱心的，就不认识神。因为神就是爱。
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.

4:9    神差他独生子到世间来，使我们藉着他得生，神爱我们的心，在此就显明了。
In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.

4:10    不是我们爱神，乃是神爱我们，差他的儿子，为我们的罪作了挽回祭，这就是爱了。
Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.

4:11    亲爱的弟兄阿，神既是这样爱我们，我们也当彼此相爱。
Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.

4:12    从来没有人见过神。我们若彼此相爱，神就住在我们里面，爱他的心在我们里面得以完全了。
No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.

4:13    神将他的灵赐给我们，从此就知道我们是住在他里面，他也住在我们里面。
Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit.

4:14    父差子作世人的救主，这是我们所看见且作见证的。
And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.

4:15    凡认耶稣为神儿子的，神就住在他里面。
Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.



4:16    神爱我们的心，我们也知道也信。神就是爱。住在爱里面的，就住在神里面，神也住在他里面。
And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.

4:17    这样爱在我们里面得以完全，我们就可以在审判的日子，坦然无惧。因为他如何，我们在这世上也如何。
Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.

4:18    爱里没有惧怕。爱既完全，就把惧怕除去。因为惧怕理含着刑罚。惧怕的人在爱里未得完全。
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.

4:19    我们爱，因为神先爱我们。
We love him, because he first loved us.

4:20    人若说，我爱神，却恨他的弟兄，就是说谎话的。不爱他所看见的弟兄，就不能爱没有看见的神。（有古卷作怎能爱没有看见的神呢）。
If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?

4:21    爱神的，也当爱弟兄，这是我们从神所受的命令。
And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.






新约 -- 约翰贰书(2 John) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 1 章 )


1:1    作长老的写信给蒙拣选的太太，（太太作教会下同），和他的儿女，就是我诚心所爱的。不但我爱，也是一切知道真理之人所爱的。
The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;

1:2    爱你们是为真理的缘故，这真理存在我们里面，也必永远与我们同在。
For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.

1:3    恩惠，怜悯，平安，从父神和他儿子耶稣基督，在真理和爱心上，必常与我们同在。
Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.

1:4    我见你的儿女，有照我们从父所受之命令遵行真理的，就甚欢喜。
I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.

1:5    太太阿，我现在劝你，我们大家要彼此相爱。这并不是我写一条新命令给你，乃是我们从起初所受的命令。
And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.

1:6    我们若照他的命令行，这就是爱。你们从起初所听见当行的，就是这命令。
And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it.

1:7    因为世上有许多迷惑人的出来，他们不认耶稣基督是成了肉身来的。这就是那迷惑人的，敌基督的。
For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.

1:8    你们要小心，不要失去你们（有古卷作我们）所作的工，乃要得着满足的赏赐。
Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward.

1:9    凡越过基督教训，不常守着的，就没有神。常守这教训的，就有父又有子。
Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son.

1:10    若有人到你们那里，不是传这教训，不要接他到家里，也不要问他的安。
If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:

1:11    因为问他安的，就在他的恶行上有分。
For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.

1:12    我还有许多事要写给你们，却不愿意用纸墨写出来。但盼望到你们那里，与你们当面谈论，使你们的喜乐满足。
Having many things to write unto you, I would not write with paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.

1:13    你那蒙拣选之姐妹的儿女都问你安。
The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.





新约 -- 约翰叁书(3 John) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 1 章 )    　


1:1    作长老的写信给亲爱的该犹，就是我诚心所爱的。
The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.

1:2    亲爱的兄弟阿，我愿你凡事兴盛，身体健壮，如你的灵魂兴盛一样。
Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

1:3    有弟兄来证明你心里存的真理，正如你按真理而行，我就甚喜乐。
For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.

1:4    我听见我的儿女们按真理而行，我的喜乐就没有比这个大的。
I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.

1:5    亲爱的弟兄阿，凡你向作客旅之弟兄所行的，都是忠心的；
Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to strangers;

1:6    他们在教会面前证明了你的爱。你若配得过神，帮住他们往前行，这就好了。
Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well:

1:7    因他们是为主的名（原文作那名）出外，对于外邦人一无所取。
Because that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.

1:8    所以我们应该接待这样的人，叫我们与他们一同为真理作工。
We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth.

1:9    我曾略略的写信给教会。但那在教会中好为首的丢特腓不接待我们。
I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not.

1:10    所以我若去，必要题说他所行的事。就是他用恶言妄论我们。还不以此为足，他自己不接待弟兄，有人愿意接待，他也禁止，并且将接待弟兄的人赶出教会。
Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.

1:11    亲爱的兄弟阿，不要效法恶，只要效法善。行善的属乎神。行恶的未曾见过神。
Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.

1:12    低米丢行善有众人给他作见证。又有真理给他作见证。就是我们也给他作见证。你也知道我们的见证是真的。
Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true.

1:13    我原有许多事要写给你，却不愿意用笔墨写给你。
I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:

1:14    但盼望快快的见你，我们就当面谈论。
But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face.

1:15    愿你平安。众位朋友都问你安。请你替我按着姓名问众位朋友安。
Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name.





新约 -- 犹大书(Jude) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 1 章 )    　


1:1    耶稣基督的仆人，雅各的弟兄犹大，写信给那被召，在父神里蒙爱，为耶稣基督保守的人。
Jude, the servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to them that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ, and called:

1:2    愿怜恤，平安，慈爱，多多的加给你们。
Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.

1:3    亲爱的弟兄阿，我想尽心写信给你们，论我们同得救恩的时候，就不得不写信劝你们，要为从前一次交付圣徒的真道，竭力的争辩。
Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints.

1:4    因为有些人偷着进来，就是自古被定受刑罚的，是不虔诚的，将我们神的恩变作放纵情欲的机会，并且不认独一的主宰我们（我们或作和我们）主耶稣基督。
For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

1:5    从前主救了他的百姓出埃及地，后来就把那些不信的灭绝了。这一切的事，你们虽然都知道，我却仍要题醒你们。
I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.

1:6    又有不守本位，离开自己住处的天使，主用锁链把他们永远拘留在黑暗里，等候大日的审判。
And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.

1:7    又如所多玛，蛾摩拉，和周围城邑的人，也照他们一味的行淫，随从逆性的情欲，就受永火的刑罚，作为监戒。
Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.

1:8    这些作梦的人，也像他们污秽身体，轻慢主治的，毁谤在尊位的。
Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities.

1:9    天使长米迦勒，为摩西的尸首与魔鬼争辩的时候，尚且不敢用毁谤的话罪责他，只说，主责备你吧。
Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee.

1:10    但这些人毁谤他们所不知道的。他们本性所知道的事与那没有灵性的畜类一样，在这事上竟败坏了自己。
But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.

1:11    他们有祸了。因为走了该隐的道路，又为利往巴兰的错谬里直奔，并在可拉的背判中灭亡了。
Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.

1:12    这样的人，在你们的爱席上，与你们同吃的时候，正是礁石。（或作玷污）他们作牧人，只知喂养自己，无所惧怕。是没有雨的云彩，被风飘荡，是秋天没有果子的树，死而又死，连根被拔出来。
These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;

1:13    是海里的狂浪，涌出自己可耻的沫子来。是流荡的星，有墨黑的幽暗为他们永远存留。
Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.

1:14    亚当的七世孙以诺，曾预言这些人说，看哪，主带着他的千万圣者降临，
And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints,

1:15    要在众人身上行审判，证实那一切不敬虔的人，所妄行一切不敬虔的事，又证实不敬虔之罪人所说顶撞他的刚愎话。
To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.

1:16    这些人是私下议论，常发怨言的，随从自己的情欲而行，口中说夸大的话，为得便宜谄媚人。
These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage.

1:17    亲爱的弟兄阿，你们要记念我们主耶稣基督之使徒从前所说的话。
But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;

1:18    他们曾对你们说过，末世必有好讥诮的人，随从自己不敬虔的私欲而行。
How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.

1:19    这就是那些引人结党，属乎血气，没有圣灵的人。
These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.

1:20    亲爱的弟兄阿，你们却要在至圣的真道上造就自己，在圣灵里祷告，
But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost,

1:21    保守自己常在神的爱中，仰望我们主耶稣基督的怜悯，直到永生。
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.

1:22    有些人存疑心，你们要怜悯他们。
And of some have compassion, making a difference:

1:23    有些人你们要从火中抢出来搭救他们。有些人你们要存惧怕的心怜悯他们。连那被情欲沾染的衣服也当厌恶。
And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.

1:24    那能保守你们不失脚，叫你们无瑕无疵，欢欢喜喜站在他荣耀之前的，我们的救主独一的神。
Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,

1:25    愿荣耀，威严，能力，权柄，因我们的主耶稣基督，归与他，从万古以前，并现在，直到永永远远。阿们。
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.





新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 1 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　


1:1    耶稣基督的启示，就是神赐给他，叫他将必要成的事指示他的仆人。他就差遣使者，晓谕他的仆人约翰。
The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:

1:2    约翰便将神的道，和耶稣基督的见证，凡自己所看见的，都证明出来。
Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.

1:3    念这书上预言的，和那些听见又遵守其中所记载的，都是有福的。因为日期近了。
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.

1:4    约翰写信给亚细亚的七个教会。但愿从那昔在今在以后永在的神和他宝座前的七灵。
John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;

1:5    并那诚实作见证的，从死里首先复活，为世上君王元首的耶稣基督。有恩惠平安归与你们。他爱我们，用自己的血使我们脱离罪恶。（脱离有古卷作洗去）
And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,

1:6    又使我们成为国民，作他父神的祭司。但愿荣耀权能归给他，直到永永远远。阿们。
And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.

1:7    看哪，他驾云降临。众目要看见他，连刺他的人也要看见他。地上的万族都要因他哀哭。这话是真实的。阿们。
Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.

1:8    主神说，我是阿拉法，我是俄梅戛（阿拉法俄梅戛乃希腊字母首末二字），是昔在今在以后永在的全能者。
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.

1:9    我约翰就是你们的弟兄，和你们在耶稣的患难，国度，忍耐里一同有分。为神的道，并为给耶稣作的见证，曾在那名叫拔摩的海岛上。
I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.

1:10    当主日我被圣灵感动，听见在我后面有大声如吹号说，
I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,

1:11    你所看见的，当写在书上，达与以弗所，士每拿，别迦摩，推雅推喇，撒狄，非拉铁非，老底嘉，那七个教会。
Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.

1:12    我转过身来，要看是谁发声与我说话。既转过来，就看见七个金灯台。
And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;

1:13    灯台中间，有一位好像人子，身穿长衣，直垂到脚，胸间束着金带。
And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.

1:14    他的头与发皆白，如白羊毛，如雪。眼目如同火焰。
His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;

1:15    脚好像在炉中锻炼光明的铜。声音如同众水的声音。
And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters.

1:16    他右手拿着七星。从他口中出来一把两刃的利剑。面貌如同烈日放光。
And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.

1:17    我一看见，就仆倒在他脚前，像死了一样。他用右手按着我说，不要惧怕。我是首先的，我是末后的，
And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:



1:18    又是那存活的。我曾死过，现在又活了，直活到永永远远。并且拿着死亡和阴间的钥匙。
I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

1:19    所以你要把所看见的，和现在的事，并将来必成的事，都写出来。
Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;

1:20    论到你所看见在我右手中的七星，和七个金灯台的奥秘。那七星就是七个教会的使者。七个灯台就是七个教会。
The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 2 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


2:1    你要写信给以弗所教会的使者，说，那右手拿着七星，在七个金灯台中间行走的，说，
Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;

2:2    我知道你的行为，劳碌，忍耐，也知道你不能容忍恶人，你也曾试验那自称为使徒却不是使徒的，看出他们是假的来。
I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:

2:3    你也能忍耐，曾为我的名劳苦，并不乏倦。
And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.

2:4    然而有一件事我要责备你，就是你把起初的爱心离弃了。
Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.

2:5    所以应当回想你是从那里坠落的，并要悔改，行起初所行的事。你若不悔改，我就临到你那里，把你的灯台从原处挪去。
Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent.

2:6    然而你还有一个可取的事，就是你恨恶尼哥拉一党人的行为，这也是我所恨恶的。
But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.

2:7    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的，就应当听。得胜的，我必将神乐园中生命树的果子赐给他吃。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.

2:8    你要写信给士每拿教会的使者说，那首先的，末后的，死过又活的说，
And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;

2:9    我知道你的患难，你的贫穷，（你却是富足的）也知道那自称是犹太人所说的悔谤话，其实他们不是犹太人，乃是撒但一会的人。
I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.

2:10    你将要受的苦你不用怕。魔鬼要你们中间几个人下在监里，叫你们被试炼。你们必受患难十日。你务要至死忠心，我就赐给你那生命的冠冕。
Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.

2:11    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的，就应当听。得胜的，必不受第二次死的害。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.

2:12    你要写信给别迦摩教会的使者，说，那有两刃利剑的说，
And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges;

2:13    我知道你的居所，就是有撒但座位之处。当我忠心的见证人安提帕在你们中间，撒但所住的地方被杀之时，你还坚守我的名，没有弃绝我的道。
I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth.

2:14    然而有几件事我要责备你，因为在你那里，有人服从巴兰的教训。这巴兰曾教导巴勒将绊脚石放在以色列人面前，叫他们吃祭偶像之物，行奸淫的事。
But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.

2:15    你那里也有人照样服从了尼哥拉一党人的教训。
So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.

2:16    所以你当悔改。若不悔改，我就快临到你那里，用我口中的剑，攻击他们。
Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.

2:17    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的就应当听。得胜的，我必将那隐藏的吗哪赐给他。并赐他一块白石，石上写着新名。除了那领受的以外。没有人能认识。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.

2:18    你要写信给推雅推喇教会的使者，说，那眼目如火焰，脚像光明铜的神之子，说，
And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass;

2:19    我知道你的行为，爱心，信心，勤劳，忍耐。又知道你末后所行的善事，比起初所行的更多。
I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first.

2:20    然而有一件事我要责备你，就是你容让那自称是先知的妇人耶洗别教导我的仆人，引诱他们行奸淫，吃祭偶像之物。
Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.

2:21    我曾给他悔改的机会，他却不肯悔改他的淫行。
And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not.

2:22    看哪，我要叫他病卧在床，那些与他行淫的人，若不悔改所行的，我也要叫他们同受大患难。
Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.

2:23    我又要杀死他的党类（党类原文作儿女），叫众教会知道，我是那察看人肺腑心肠的。并要照你们的行为报应你们各人。
And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.

2:24    至于你们推雅推喇其馀的人，就是一切不从那教训，不晓得他们素常所说撒但深奥之理的人。我告诉你们，我不将别的担子放在你们身上。
But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden.

2:25    但你们已经有的，总要持守，直等到我来。
But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.

2:26    那得胜又遵守我命令到底的，我要赐给他权柄制伏列国。
And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations:

2:27    他必用铁杖辖管他们（辖管原文作牧），将他们如同窑户的瓦器打得粉碎。像我从我父领受的权柄一样。
And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.

2:28    我又要把晨星赐给他。
And I will give him the morning star.

2:29    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的就应当听。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 3 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


3:1    你要写信给撒狄教会的使者，说，那有神的七灵和七星的，说，我知道你的行为，按名你是活的，其实是死的。
And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.

3:2    你要儆醒，坚固那剩下将要衰微的（衰微原文作死）。因我见你的行为，在我神面前，没有一样是完全的。
Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God.

3:3    所以要回想你是怎样领受，怎样听见的。又要遵守，并要悔改。若不儆醒，我必临到你那里如同贼一样。我几时临到，你也决不能知道。
Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee.

3:4    然而在撒狄你还有几名是未曾污秽自己衣服的。他们要穿白衣与我同行。因为他们是配得过的。
Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.

3:5    凡得胜的，必这样穿白衣。我也必不从生命册上涂抹他的名。且要在我父面前，和我父众使者面前认他的名。
He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.

3:6    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的，就应当听。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.

3:7    你要写信给非拉铁非教会的使者，说，那圣洁，真实，拿着大卫的钥匙，开了就没有人能关，关了就没有人能开的，说，
And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth;

3:8    我知道你的行为，你略有一点力量，也曾遵守我的道，没有弃绝我的名。看哪，我在你面前给你一个敞开的门，是无人能关的。
I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

3:9    那撒但一会的，自称是犹太人，其实不是犹太人，乃是说谎话的，我要使他们来在你脚前下拜，也使他们知道我是已经爱你了。
Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.

3:10    你既遵守我忍耐的道，我必在普天下人受试炼的时候，保守你免去你的试炼。
Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.

3:11    我必快来，你要持守你所有的，免得人夺去你的冠冕。
Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.

3:12    得胜的，我要叫他在我神殿中作柱子，他也必不再从那里出去。我又要将我神的名，和我神城的名，（这城就是从天上从我神那里降下来的新耶路撒冷）并我的新名，都写在他上面。
Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.

3:13    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的，就应当听。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.

3:14    你要写信给老底嘉教会的使者，说，那为阿们的，为诚信真实见证的，在神创造万物之上为元首的，说，
And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;

3:15    我知道的行为，你也不冷也不热。我巴不得你或冷或热。
I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.

3:16    你既如温水，也不冷也不热，所以我必从我口中把你吐出去。
So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

3:17    你说，我是富足，已经发了财，一样都不缺。却不知道你是那困苦，可怜，贫穷，瞎眼，赤身的。
Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:

3:18    我劝你向我买火炼的金子，叫你富足。又买白衣穿上，叫你赤身的羞耻不露出来。又买眼药擦你的眼睛，使你能看见。
I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see.

3:19    凡我所疼爱的，我就责备管教他。所以你要发热心，也要悔改。
As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.

3:20    看哪，我站在门外叩门。若有听见我声音就开门的，我要进到他那里去，我与他，他与我一同坐席。
Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.

3:21    得胜的，我要赐他在我宝座上与我同坐，就如我得了胜，在我父的宝座上与他同坐一般。
To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.

3:22    圣灵向众教会所说的话，凡有耳的，就应当听。
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 4 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


4:1    此后，我观看，见天上有门开了，我初次听见好像吹号的声音，对我说，你上到这里来，我要将以后必成的事指示你。
After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter.

4:2    我立刻被圣灵感动，见有一个宝座安置在天上，又有一位坐在宝座上。
And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne.

4:3    看那坐着的，好像碧玉和红宝石。又有虹围着宝座，好像绿宝石。
And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald.

4:4    宝座的周围，又有二十四个座位，其上坐着二十四位长老，身穿白衣，头上戴着金冠冕。
And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.

4:5    有闪电，声音，雷轰，从宝座中发出。又有七盏火灯在宝座前点着，这七灯就是神的七灵。
And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.

4:6    宝座前好像一个玻璃海如同水晶。宝座中，和宝座周围有四个活物，前后遍体都满了眼睛。
And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.

4:7    第一个活物像狮子，第二个像牛犊，第三个脸面像人，第四个像飞鹰。
And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle.



4:8    四活物各有六个翅膀，遍体内外都满了眼睛。他们昼夜不住的说，圣哉，圣哉，圣哉，主神。是昔在今在以后永在的全能者。
And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, LORD God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.

4:9    每逢四活物将荣耀，尊贵，感谢，归给那坐在宝座上，活到永永远远者的时候，
And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,

4:10    那二十四位长老，就俯伏在坐宝座的面前，敬拜那活到永永远远的，又把他们的冠冕放在宝座前，说，
The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying,

4:11    我们的主，我们的神，你是配得荣耀尊贵权柄的。因为你创造了万物，并且万物是因你的旨意被创造而有的。
Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 5 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


5:1    我看见坐宝座的右手中有书卷，里外都写着字，用七印封严了。
And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.

5:2    我又看见一位大力的天使，大声宣传说，有谁配展开那书卷，揭开那七印呢。
And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?

5:3    在天上，地上，地底下，没有能展开能观看那书卷的。
And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.

5:4    因为没有配展开，配观看那书卷的，我就大哭。
And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.

5:5    长老中有一位对我说，不要哭。看哪，犹大支派中的狮子，大卫的根，他已得胜，能以展开那书卷，揭开那七印。
And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.

5:6    我又看见宝座与四活物并长老之中，有羔羊站立，像是被杀过的，有七角七眼，就是神的七灵，奉差遣往普天下去的。
And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.

5:7    这羔羊前来，从坐宝座的右手里拿了书卷。
And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.

5:8    他既拿了书卷，四活物和二十四位长老，就俯伏在羔羊面前，各拿着琴，和盛满了香的金炉。这香就是众圣徒的祈祷。
And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints.

5:9    他们唱新歌，说，你配拿书卷，配揭开七印。因为你曾被杀，用自己的血从各族各方，各民各国中买了人来，叫他们归于神，
And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;

5:10    又叫他们成为国民，作祭司，归于神。在地上执掌王权。
And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.

5:11    我又看见，且听见，宝座与活物并长老的周围，有许多天使的声音。他们的数目有千千万万。
And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;

5:12    大声说，曾被杀的羔羊，是配得权柄，丰富，智慧，能力，尊贵，荣耀，颂赞的。
Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.

5:13    我又听见，在天上，地上，地底下，沧海里，和天地间一切所有被造之物，都说，但愿颂赞，尊贵，荣耀，权势，都归给坐宝座的和羔羊，直到永永远远。
And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever.

5:14    四活物就说，阿们。众长老也俯伏敬拜。
And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 6 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


6:1    我看见羔羊揭开七印中第一印的时候，就听见四活物中的一个活物，声音如雷，说，你来。
And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.

6:2    我就观看，见有一匹白马，骑在马上的拿着弓。并有冠冕赐给他。他便出来，胜了又胜。
And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer.

6:3    揭开第二印的时候，我听见第二个活物说，你来。
And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see.

6:4    就另有一匹马出来，是红的。有权柄给了那骑马的，可以从地上夺去太平，使人彼此相杀。又有一把大刀赐给他。
And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword.

6:5    揭开第三印的时候，我听见第三个活物说，你来。我就观看，见有一匹黑马。骑在马上的手里拿着天平。
And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.

6:6    我听见在四活物中，似乎有声音说，一钱银子买一升麦子，一钱银子买三升大麦。油和酒不可糟蹋。
And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine.

6:7    揭开第四印的时候，我听见第四活物说，你来。
And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see.



6:8    我就观看，见有一匹灰马。骑在马上的，名字叫死。阴府也随着他。有权柄赐给他们，可以用刀剑，饥荒，瘟疫（瘟疫或作死亡），野兽，杀害地上四分之一的人。
And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.

6:9    揭开第五印的时候，我看见在祭坛底下，有为神的道，并为作见证，被杀之人的灵魂。
And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:

6:10    大声喊着说，圣洁真实的主阿，你不审判住在地上的人给我们伸流血的冤，要到几时呢。
And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?

6:11    于是有白衣赐给他们各人。又有话对他们说，还要安息片时，等着一同作仆人的，和他们的弟兄，也像他们被杀，满足了数目。
And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.

6:12    揭开第六印的时后，我又看见地大震动。日头变黑像毛布，满月变红像血。
And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;

6:13    天上的星辰坠落于地，如同无花果树被大风摇动，落下未熟的果子一样。
And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.

6:14    天就挪移，好像书卷被卷起来。山岭海岛都被挪移离开本位。
And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.

6:15    地上的君王，臣宰，将军，富户，壮士，和一切为奴的，自主的，都藏在山洞，和岩石穴里。
And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;

6:16    向山和岩石说，倒在我们身上吧，把我们藏起来，躲避坐宝座者的面目，和羔羊的忿怒。
And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb:

6:17    因为他们忿怒的大日到了，谁能站得住呢。
For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 7 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


7:1    此后我看见四位天使站在地的四角，执掌地上四方的风，叫风不吹在地上，海上，和树上。
And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.

7:2    我又看见另有一位天使，从日出之地上来，拿着永生神的印。他就向那得着权柄能伤害地和海的四位天使，大声喊着说，
And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,

7:3    地与海并树木，你们不可伤害，等我们印了我们神众仆人的额。
Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads.

7:4    我听见以色列人，各支派中受印的数目，有十四万四千。
And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.

7:5    犹大支派中受印的有一万二千。流便支派中有一万二千。迦得支派中有一万二千。
Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand.

7:6    亚设支派中有一万二千。拿弗他利支派中有一万二千。玛拿西支派中有一万二千
Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand.

7:7    西缅支派中有一万二千。利未支派中有一万二千。以萨迦支派中有一万二千。
Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand.

7:8    西布伦支派中有一万二千。约瑟支派中有一万二千。便雅悯支派中有一万二千。
Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.

7:9    此后，我观看，见有许多的人，没有人能数过来，是从各国各族各民各方来的，站在宝座和羔羊面前，身穿白衣，手拿棕树枝。
After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;

7:10    大声喊着说，愿救恩归与坐在宝座上我们的神，也归与羔羊。
And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb.

7:11    众天使都站在宝座和众长老并四活物的周围，在宝座前，面伏于地，敬拜神，
And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,

7:12    说，阿们。颂赞，荣耀，智慧，感谢，尊贵，权柄，大力，都归与我们的神，直到永永远远。阿们。
Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.

7:13    长老中有一位问我说，这些穿白衣的是谁，是从那里来的。
And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?

7:14    我对他说，我主，你知道。他向我说，这些人是从大患难中出来的，曾用羔羊的血，把衣裳洗白净了。
And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.

7:15    所以他们在神宝座前，昼夜在他殿中事奉他。坐宝座的要用帐幕覆庇他们。
Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.

7:16    他们不再饥，不再渴。日头和炎热，也必不伤害他们。
They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.

7:17    因为宝座中的羔羊必牧养他们，领他们到生命水的泉源。神也必擦去他们一切的眼泪。
For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 8 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


8:1    羔羊揭开第七印的时候，天上寂静约有二刻。
And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour.

8:2    我看见那站在神面前的七位天使，有七枝号赐给他们。
And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.

8:3    另有一位天使拿着金香炉，来站在祭坛旁边。有许多香赐给他，要和众圣徒的祈祷一同献在宝座前的金坛上。
And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne.

8:4    那香的烟，和众圣徒的祈祷，从天使的手中一同升到神面前。
And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God out of the angel's hand.

8:5    天使拿着香炉，盛满了坛上的火，倒在地上。随有雷轰，大声，闪电，地震。
And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake.

8:6    拿着七枝号的七位天使，就豫备要吹。
And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.

8:7    第一位天使吹号，就有雹子与火搀着血丢在地上。地的三分之一和树的三分之一被烧了，一切的青草也被烧了。
The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.

8:8    第二位天使吹号，就有彷佛火烧着的大山扔在海中。海的三分之一变成血。
And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood;

8:9    海中的活物死了三分之一。船只也坏了三分之一。
And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.

8:10    第三位天使吹号，就有烧着的大星，好像火把从天上落下来，落在江河的三分之一，和众水的泉源上。
And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;

8:11    这星名叫茵？？。众水的三分之一便为茵？？。因水变苦，就死了许多人。
And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.

8:12    第四位天使吹号，日头的三分之一，月亮的三分之一，星辰的三分之一，都被击打。以致日月星的三分之一黑暗了，白昼的三分之一没有光，黑夜也是这样。
And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.

8:13    我又看见一个鹰飞在空中，并听见他大声说，三位天使要吹那其馀的号，你们住在地上的民，祸哉，祸哉，祸哉。
And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 9 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


9:1    第五位天使吹号，我就看见一个星从天落到地上。有无底坑的钥匙赐给他。
And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.

9:2    他开了无底坑，便有烟从坑里往上冒，好像大火炉的烟。日头和天空，都因这烟昏暗了。
And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.

9:3    有蝗虫从烟中出来飞到地上。有能力赐给他们，好像地上蝎子的能力一样。
And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.

9:4    并且吩咐他们说，不可伤害地上的草，和各样青物，并一切树木，惟独要伤害额上没有神印记的人。
And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.

9:5    但不许蝗虫害死他们，只叫他们受痛苦五个月。这痛苦就像蝎子螫人的痛苦一样。
And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man.

9:6    在那些日子，人要求死，决不得死。愿意死，死却远避他们。
And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.

9:7    蝗虫的形状，好像豫备出战的马一样，头上戴的好像金冠冕，脸面好像男人的脸面。
And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men.

9:8    头发像女人的头发，牙齿像狮子的牙齿。
And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions.

9:9    胸前有甲，好像铁甲。他们翅膀的声音，好像许多车马奔跑上阵的声音。
And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.

9:10    有尾巴像蝎子。尾巴上的毒钩能伤人五个月。
And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.

9:11    有无底坑的使者作他们的王。按着希伯来话，名叫亚巴顿，希腊话，名叫亚玻伦。
And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.

9:12    第一样灾祸过去，还有两样灾祸要来。
One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.

9:13    第六位天使吹号，我就听见有声音，从神面前金坛的四角出来，
And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,

9:14    吩咐那吹号的第六位天使，说，把那捆绑在伯拉大河的四个使者释放了。
Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates.

9:15    那四个使者就被释放。他们原是豫备好了，到某年某月某日某时，要杀人的三分之一。
And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.

9:16    马军有二万万。他们的数目我听见了。
And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them.

9:17    我在异象中看见那些马和骑马的，骑马的胸前有甲如火，与紫玛瑙，并硫磺。马的头好像狮子头，有火，有烟，有硫磺，从马的口中出来。
And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.

9:18    口中所出来的火，与烟，并硫磺，这三样灾杀了人的三分之一。
By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.

9:19    这马的能力，是在口里，和尾巴上。因这尾巴像蛇，并且有头用以害人。
For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.

9:20    其馀未曾被这灾所杀的人，仍旧不悔改自己手所作的，还是去拜鬼魔，和那些不能看，不能听，不能走，金，银，铜，木，石，的偶像。
And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:

9:21    又不悔改他们那些凶杀，邪术，奸淫，偷窃的事。
Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 10 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


10:1    我又看见另有一位大力的天使，从天降下，披着云彩，头上有虹。脸面像日头，两脚像火柱。
And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire:

10:2    他手里拿着小书卷是展开的。他用右脚踏海，左脚踏地。
And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,

10:3    大声呼喊，好像狮子吼叫，呼喊完了，就有七雷发声。
And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.

10:4    七雷发声之后，我正要写出来，就听见从天上有声音说，七雷所说的你要封上，不可写出来。
And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.

10:5    我所看见的那踏海踏地的天使，向天举起右手来，
And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,

10:6    指着那创造天和天上之物，地和地上之物，海和海中之物，直活到永永远远的，起誓说，不再有时日了。（或作不再耽延了）
And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:

10:7    但在第七位天使吹号发声的时候，神的奥秘，就成全了，正如神所传给他仆人众先知的佳音。
But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.

10:8    我先前从天上所听见的那声音，又吩咐我说，你去把那踏海踏地之天使手中展开的小书卷取过来。
And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.

10:9    我就走到天使那里，对他说，请你把小书卷给我。他对我说，你拿着吃尽了，便叫你肚子发苦，然而在你口中要甜如蜜。
And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.

10:10    我从天使手中把小书卷接过来，吃尽了。在我口中果然甜如蜜。吃了以后，肚子觉得发苦了。
And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.

10:11    天使（原文作他们）对我说，你必指着多民多国多方多王说预言。
And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 11 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


11:1    有一根苇子赐给我，当作量度的杖。且有话说，起来，将神的殿，和祭坛，并在殿中礼拜的人，都量一量。
And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.

11:2    只是殿外的院子，要留下不用量。因为这是给了外邦人的。他们要践踏圣城四十二个月。
But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty and two months.

11:3    我要使我那两个见证人，穿着毛衣，传道一千二百六十天。
And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.

11:4    他们就是那两棵橄榄树，两个灯台，立在世界之主面前的。
These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth.

11:5    若有人想要害他们就有火从他们口中出来，烧灭仇敌。凡想要害他们的，都必这样被杀。
And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.

11:6    这二人有权柄，在他们传道的日子叫天闭塞不下雨，叫水变为血。并且能随时随意用各样的灾殃攻击世界。
These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.

11:7    他们作完见证的时候，那从无底坑里上来的兽，必与他们交战，并且得胜，把他们杀了。
And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill them.

11:8    他们的尸首就倒在大城里的街上。这城按着灵意叫所多玛，又叫埃及，就是他们的主钉十字架之处。
And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.

11:9    从各民各族各方各国中，有人观看他们的尸首三天半，又不许把尸首放在坟墓里。
And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves.

11:10    住在地上的人，就为他们欢喜快乐，互相馈送礼物。因这两位先知曾叫住在地上的人受痛苦。
And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.

11:11    过了三天半，有生气从神那里进入他们里面，他们就站起来。看见他们的人甚是害怕。
And after three days and an half the Spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them.

11:12    两位先知听见有大声音从天上来，对他们说，上到这里来。他们就驾着云上了天。他们的仇敌也看见了。
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.

11:13    正在那时候，地大震动，城就倒塌了十分之一。因地震而死的有七千人。其馀的都恐惧，归荣耀给天上的神。
And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.

11:14    第二样灾祸过去。第三灾祸快到了。
The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe cometh quickly.

11:15    第七位天使吹号，天上就有大声音说，世上的国，成了我主和主基督的国。他要作王，直到永永远远。
And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.

11:16    在神面前，坐在自己位上的二十四位长老，就面伏于地敬拜神，
And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God,

11:17    说，昔在今在的主神，全能者阿，我们感谢你，因你执掌大权作王了。
Saying, We give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.

11:18    外邦发怒，你的忿怒也临到了。审判死人的时候也到了。你的仆人众先知，和众圣徒，凡敬畏你名的人连大带小得赏赐的时候也到了。你败坏那些败坏世界之人的时候也就到了。
And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.

11:19    当时神天上的殿开了。在他殿中现出他的约柜后有闪电，声音，雷轰，地震，大雹。
And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 12 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


12:1    天上现出大异象来。有一个妇人，身披日头，脚踏月亮，头戴十二星的冠冕。
And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:

12:2    他怀了孕，在生产的艰难中疼痛呼叫。
And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.

12:3    天上又现出异象来。有一条大红龙，七头十角，七头上戴着七个冠冕。
And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.

12:4    他的尾巴拖拉着天上星辰的三分之一，摔在地上。龙就站在那将要生产的妇人面前，等他生产之后，要吞吃他的孩子。
And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.

12:5    妇人生了一个男孩，是将来要用铁杖辖管万国的。（辖管原文作牧）他的孩子被提到神宝座那里去了。
And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.

12:6    妇人就逃到旷野，在那里有神给他豫备的地方，使他被养活一千二百六十天。
And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.

12:7    在天上就有了争战。米迦勒同他的使者与龙争战。龙也同他的使者去争战。
And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,

12:8    并没有得胜，天上再没有他们的地方。
And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.

12:9    大龙就是那古蛇，名叫魔鬼，又叫撒但，是迷惑普天下的。他被摔在地上，他的使者也一同被摔下去。
And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.

12:10    我听见在天上有大声音说，我神的救恩，能力，国度，并他基督的权柄，现在都来到了。因为那在我们神面前昼夜控告我们弟兄的，已经被摔下去了。
And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.

12:11    弟兄胜过他，是因羔羊的血，和自己所见证的道。他们虽至于死，也不爱惜性命。
And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.



12:12    所以诸天和住在其中的，你们都快乐吧。只是地与海有祸了，因为魔鬼知道自己的时候不多，就气忿忿的下到你们那里去了。
Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.

12:13    龙见自己被摔在地上，就逼迫那生男孩子的妇人。
And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.

12:14    于是有大鹰的两个翅膀赐给妇人，叫他能飞到旷野，到自己的地方，躲避那蛇。他在那里被养活一载二载半载。
And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.

12:15    蛇就在妇人身后，从口中吐出水来像河一样，要将妇人冲去。
And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.

12:16    地却帮助妇人，开口吞了从龙口吐出来的水。（原文作河）
And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.

12:17    龙向妇人发怒，去与他其馀的儿女争战，这儿女就是那守神诫命，为耶稣作见证的。那时龙就站在海边的沙上。
And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 13 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


13:1    我又看见一个兽从海中上来，有十角七头，在十角上戴着十个冠冕，七头上有亵渎的名号。
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.

13:2    我所看见的兽，形状像豹，脚像熊的脚，口像狮子的口。那龙将自己的能力，座位，和大权柄，都给了他。
And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.

13:3    我看见兽的七头中，有一个似乎受了死伤。那死伤却医好了。全地的人，都希奇跟从那兽。
And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.

13:4    又拜那龙，因为他将自己的权柄给了兽。也拜兽说，谁能比这兽，谁能与他交战呢。
And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him?

13:5    又赐给他说夸大亵渎话的口。又有权柄赐给他，可以任意而行四十二个月。
And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.

13:6    兽就开口向神说亵渎的话，亵渎神的名，并他的帐幕，以及那些住在天上的。
And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.

13:7    又任凭他与圣徒争战，并且得胜。也把权柄赐给他，制伏各族各民各方各国。
And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations.

13:8    凡住在地上，名字从创世以来，没有记在被杀之羔羊生命册上的人，都要拜他。
And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

13:9    凡有耳的，就应当听。
If any man have an ear, let him hear.

13:10    掳掠人的必被掳掠。用刀杀人的，必被刀杀。圣徒的忍耐和信心，就是在此。
He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.

13:11    我又看见另有一个兽从地中上来。有两角如同羊羔，说话好像龙。
And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.

13:12    他在头一个兽面前，施行头一个兽所有的权柄。并且叫地和住在地上的人，拜那死伤医好的头一个兽。
And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.

13:13    又行大奇事，甚至在人面前，叫火从天降在地上。
And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,

13:14    他因赐给他们权柄在兽面前能行奇事，就迷惑住在地上的人，说，要给那受刀伤还活着的兽作个像。
And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.

13:15    又有权柄赐给他叫兽像有生气。并且能说话，又叫所有不拜兽像的人都被杀害。
And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.

13:16    他又叫众人，无论大小贫福，自主的，为奴的，都在右手上，或是在额上，受一个印记。
And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:

13:17    除了那受印记，有了兽名，或有兽名数目的，都不得作买卖。
And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

13:18    在这里有智慧。凡有聪明的，可以算计兽的数目，因为这是人的数目。他的数目是六百六十六。
Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 14 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


14:1    我又观看，见羔羊站在锡安山，同他又有十四万四千人，都有他的名，和他父的名，写在额上。
And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their foreheads.

14:2    我听见从天上有声音，像众水的声音，和大雷的声音。并且我所听见的好像弹琴的所弹的琴声。
And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps:

14:3    他们在宝座前，并在四活物和众长老前唱歌，彷佛是新歌。除了从地上买来的那十四万四千人以外，没有人能学这歌。
And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.

14:4    这些人未曾沾染妇女，他们原是童身。羔羊无论往那里去，他们都跟随他。他们是从人间买来的，作初熟的果子归与神和羔羊。
These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and to the Lamb.

14:5    在他们口中察不出谎言来。他们是没有瑕疵的。
And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault before the throne of God.

14:6    我又看见另一位天使飞在空中，有永远的福音要传给住在地上的人，就是各国各族各方各民。
And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,

14:7    他大声说，应当敬畏神，将荣耀归给他。因他施行审判的时候已经到了。应当敬拜那创造天地海和众水泉源的。
Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.

14:8    又有第二位天使，接着说，叫万民喝邪淫大怒之酒的巴比伦大城倾倒了，倾倒了。
And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.

14:9    又有第三位天使，接着他们，大声说，若有人拜兽和兽像，在额上，或在手上，受了印记，
And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,

14:10    这人也必喝神大怒的酒，此酒斟在神忿怒的杯中纯一不杂。他要在圣天使和羔羊面前，在火与硫磺之中受痛苦。
The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:

14:11    他受痛苦的烟往上冒，直到永永远远。那些拜兽和兽像受他名之印记的，昼夜不得安宁。
And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.

14:12    圣徒的忍耐就在此。他们是守神诫命，和耶稣真道的。
Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.

14:13    我听见从天上有声音说，你要写下，从今以后，在主里面而死的人有福了。圣灵说，是的，他们息了自己的劳苦，作工的果效也随着他们。
And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow them.

14:14    我又观看，见有一片白云，云上坐着一位好像人子，头上戴着金冠冕，手里拿着快镰刀。
And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.

14:15    又有一位天使从殿中出来，向那坐在云上的大声喊着说，伸出你的镰刀来收割。因为收割的时候已经到了，地上的庄稼已经熟透了。
And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.

14:16    那坐在云上的，就把镰刀扔在地上。地上的庄稼就被收割了。
And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.

14:17    又有一位天使从天上的殿中出来，他也拿着快镰刀。
And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.

14:18    又有一位天使从祭坛中出来，是有权柄管火的，向拿着快镰刀的大声喊着说，伸出快镰刀来收取地上葡萄树的果子。因为葡萄熟透了。
And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.

14:19    那天使就把镰刀扔在地上，收取了地上的葡萄，丢在神忿怒的大酒榨中。
And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God.

14:20    那酒榨踹在城外，就有血从酒榨里流出来，高到马的嚼环，远有六百里。
And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 15 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


15:1    我又看见在天上有异象，大而且奇，就是七位天使掌管末了的七灾。因为神的大怒在这七灾中发尽了。
And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.

15:2    我看见彷佛有玻璃海，其中有火搀杂。又看见那些胜了兽和兽的像，并他名字数目的人，都站在玻璃海上，拿着神的琴。
And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.

15:3    唱神仆人摩西的歌，和羔羊的歌，说，主神，全能者阿，你的作为大哉，奇哉。万世之王阿，（世或作国）你的道途义哉，诚哉。
And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.

15:4    主阿，谁敢不敬畏你，不将荣耀归与你的名呢。因为独有你是圣的。万民都要来在你面前敬拜。因你公义的作为已经显出来了。
Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.

15:5    此后，我看见在天上那存法柜的殿开了。
And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened:

15:6    那掌管七灾的七位天使，从殿中出来，穿着洁白光明的细麻衣，（细麻衣有古卷作宝石）胸间束着金带。
And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.

15:7    四活物中有一个把盛满了活到永永远远之神大怒的七个金碗给了那七位天使。
And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath of God, who liveth for ever and ever.

15:8    因神的荣耀，和能力，殿中充满了烟。于是没有人能以进殿，直等到那七位天使所降的七灾完毕了。
And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 16 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


16:1    我听见有大声音从殿中出来，向那七位天使说，你们去，把盛神大怒的七碗倒在地上。
And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth.



16:2    第一位天使便去，把碗倒在地上，就有恶而且毒的疮，生在那些有兽印记，拜兽像的人身上。
And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast, and upon them which worshipped his image.

16:3    第二位天使把碗倒在海里，海就变成血，好像死人的血，海中的活物都死了。
And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.

16:4    第三位天使把碗倒在江河与众水的泉源里，水就变成血了。
And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.

16:5    我听见掌管众水的天使说，昔在今在的圣者阿，你这样判断是公义的。
And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.



16:6    他们曾流圣徒与先知的血，现在你给他们血喝。这是他们所该受的。
For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.

16:7    我又听见祭坛中有声音说，是的，主神，全能者阿，你的判断义哉，诚哉。
And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.

16:8    第四位天使把碗倒在日头上，叫日头能用火烤人。
And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire.

16:9    人被大热所烤，就亵渎那有权掌管这些灾的神之名，并不悔改将荣耀归给神。
And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him glory.

16:10    第五位天使把碗倒在兽的座位上，兽的国就黑暗了。人因疼痛就咬自己的舌头。
And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,

16:11    又因所受的疼痛，和生的疮，就亵渎天上的神。并不悔改所行的。
And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.

16:12    第六位天使把碗倒在伯拉大河上，河水就乾了，要给那从日出之地所来的众王豫备道路。
And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.

16:13    我又看见三个污秽的灵，好像青蛙，从龙口兽口并假先知的口中出来。
And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.

16:14    他们本是鬼魔的灵，施行奇事，出去到普天下众王那里，叫他们在神全能者的大日聚集争战。
For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.

16:15    （看哪，我来像贼一样。那儆醒，看守衣服，免得赤身而行，叫人见他羞耻的，有福了
Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.

16:16    那三个鬼魔便叫众王聚集在一处，希伯来话叫哈米吉多顿。
And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.

16:17    第七位天使把碗倒在空中，就有大声音从殿中的宝座上出来，说，成了。
And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done.

16:18    又有闪电，声音，雷轰，大地震，自从地上有人以来，没有这样大这样利害的地震。
And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.

16:19    那大城裂为三段，列国的城也都倒塌了。神也想起巴比伦大城来，要把那盛自己烈怒的酒杯递给他。
And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.

16:20    各海岛都逃避了，众山也不见了。
And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.

16:21    又有大雹子从天落在人身上，每一个约重一他连得。（一他连得约有九十斤）为这雹子的灾极大，人就亵渎神。
And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 17 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


17:1    拿着七碗的七位天使中，有一位前来对我说，你到这里来，我将坐在众水上的大淫妇所要受的刑罚指给你看。
And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:

17:2    地上的君王与他行淫。住在地上的人喝醉了他淫乱的酒。
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.

17:3    我被圣灵感动，天使带我到旷野去。我就看见一个女人骑在朱红色的兽上。那兽有七头十角，遍体有亵渎的名号。
So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.

17:4    那女人穿着紫色和朱红色的衣服，用金子宝石珍珠为妆饰。手拿金杯，杯中盛满了可憎之物，就是他淫乱的污秽。
And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

17:5    在他额上有名写着说，奥秘哉，大巴比伦，作世上的淫妇和一切可憎之物的母。
And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

17:6    我又看见那女人喝醉了圣徒的血，和为耶稣作见证之人的血。我看见他，就大大的希奇。
And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.

17:7    天使对我说，你为什么希奇呢。我要将这女人和驮着他的那七头十角兽的奥秘告诉你。
And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.

17:8    你所看见的兽，先前有，如今没有。将要从无底坑里上来，又要归于沉沦。凡住在地上名字从创世以来没有记在生命册上的，见先前有，如今没有，以后再有的兽，就必希奇。
The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

17:9    智慧的心在此可以思想。那七头就是女人所坐的七座山。
And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.

17:10    又是七位王。五位已经倾倒了，一位还在，一位还没有来到。他来的时候，必须暂时存留。
And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space.

17:11    那先前有，如今没有的兽，就是第八位。他也和那七位同列，并且归于沉沦。
And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.

17:12    你所看见的那十角，就是十王。他们还没有得国。但他们一时之间，要和兽同得权柄与王一样。
And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast.

17:13    他们同心合意，将自己的能力权柄给那兽。
These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.

17:14    他们与羔羊争战，羔羊必胜过他们，因为羔羊是万主之主，万王之王。同着羔羊的，就是蒙召被选有忠心的，也必得胜。
These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.

17:15    天使又对我说，你所看见那淫妇坐的众水，就是多民多人多国多方。
And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.

17:16    你所看见的那十角，与兽，必恨这淫妇，使他冷落赤身。又要吃他的肉，用火将他烧尽。
And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.

17:17    因为神使诸王同心合意，遵行他的旨意，把自己的国给那兽，直等到神的话都应验了。
For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.

17:18    你所看见的那女人，就是管辖地上众王的大城。
And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.





新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 18 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


18:1    此后，我看见另有一位有大权柄的天使从天降下。地就因他的荣耀发光。
And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.

18:2    他大声喊着说，巴比伦大城倾倒了，成了鬼魔的住处，和各样污秽之灵的巢穴，（或作牢狱下同）并各样污秽可憎之雀鸟的巢穴。
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.

18:3    因为列国都被他邪淫大怒的酒倾倒了。地上的君王与他行淫，地上的客商，因他奢华太过就发了财。
For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.

18:4    我又听见从天上有声音说，我的民哪，你们要从那城出来，免得与他一同有罪，受他所受的灾殃。
And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.

18:5    因他的罪恶滔天他的不义神已经想起来了。
For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities.

18:6    他怎样待人，也要怎样待他，按他所行的加倍的报应他。用他调酒的杯，加倍的调给他喝。
Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double.

18:7    他怎样荣耀自己，怎样奢华，也当叫他照样痛苦悲哀。因他心里说，我坐了皇后的位，并不是寡妇，决不至于悲哀。
How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.

18:8    所以在一天之内，他的灾殃要一齐来到，就是死亡，悲哀，饥荒，他又要被火烧尽了。因为审判他的主神大有能力。
Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her.

18:9    地上的君王，素来与他行淫一同奢华的，看见烧他的烟，就必为他哭泣哀号。
And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning,

18:10    因怕他的痛苦，就远远的站着说，哀哉，哀哉，巴比伦大城，坚固的城阿，一时知间你的刑罚就来到了。
Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.

18:11    地上的客商也都为他哭泣悲哀，因为没有人再买他们的货物了。
And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:

18:12    这货物就是金，银，宝石，珍珠，细麻布，紫色料，绸子，朱红色料，各样香木，各样象牙的器皿，各样极宝贵的木头和铜，铁，汉白玉的器皿，
The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,

18:13    并肉桂，豆蔻，香料，香膏，乳香，酒，油，细面，麦子，牛，羊，车，马，和奴仆，人口。
And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.

18:14    巴比伦哪，你所贪爱的果子离开了你。你一切的珍馐美味，和华美的物件，也从你中间毁灭，决不能再见了。
And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.

18:15    贩卖这些货物，藉着他发了财的客商，因怕他的痛苦，就远远的站着哭泣悲哀，说，
The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,

18:16    哀哉，哀哉，这大城阿，素常穿着细麻，紫色，朱红色的衣服，又用金子，宝石，和珍珠为妆饰。
And saying, Alas, alas, that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!

18:17    一时之间，这吗大的富厚就归于无有了。凡船主，和坐船往各处去的，并众水手，连所有靠海为业的，都远远的站着，
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,

18:18    看见烧他的烟，就喊着说，有何城能比这大城呢。
And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!

18:19    他们又把尘土撒在头上，哭泣悲哀，喊着说，哀哉，哀哉，这大城阿。凡有船在海中的，都因他的珍宝成了富足。他在一时之间就便成了荒场。
And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas, that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.

18:20    天哪，众圣徒众使徒众先知阿，你们都要因他欢喜。因为神已经在他身上伸了你们的冤。
Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.

18:21    有一位大力的天使举起一块石头，好像大磨石，扔在海里，说，巴比伦大城，也必这样猛力的被扔下去，不能再见了。
And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.

18:22    弹琴，作乐，吹笛，吹号的声音，在你们中间决不能再听见。各行手艺人在你中间决不能再遇见。推磨的声音在你们中间决不能再听见。
And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee;

18:23    灯光在你们中间决不能再照耀。新郎和新妇的声音，在你们中间决不能再听见。你的客商原来是地上的尊贵人。万国也被你的邪术迷惑了。
And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.

18:24    先知和圣徒，并地上一切被杀之人的血，都在这城里看见了。
And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 19 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


19:1    此后，我听见好像群众在天上大声说，哈利路亚，（就是赞美耶和华的意思）救恩，荣耀，权能，都属乎我们的神。
And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:

19:2    他的判断是真实公义的。因他判断了那用淫行败坏世界的大淫妇，并且向淫妇讨流仆人血的罪，给他们伸冤。
For true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.

19:3    又说，哈利路亚。烧淫妇的烟往上冒，直到永永远远。
And again they said, Alleluia.  And her smoke rose up for ever and ever.

19:4    那二十四位长老与四活物，就俯伏敬拜坐宝座的神，说，阿们，哈利路亚。
And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.

19:5    有声音从宝座出来说，神的众仆人哪，凡敬畏他的，无论大小，都要赞美我们的神。
And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great.

19:6    我听见好像群众的声音，众水的声音，大雷的声音，说，哈利路亚。因为主我们的神，全能者，作王了。
And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.

19:7    我们要欢喜快乐，将荣耀归给他。因为羔羊婚娶的时候到了，新妇也自己豫备好了。
Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.

19:8    就蒙恩得穿光明洁白的细麻衣，这细麻衣就是圣徒所行的义。
And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.

19:9    天使吩咐我说，你要写上，凡被请赴羔羊之婚筵的有福了。又对我说，这是神真实的话。
And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God.

19:10    我就俯伏在他脚前要拜他。他说，千万不可。我和你并你那些为耶稣作见证的弟兄同是作仆人的。你要敬拜神。因为预言中的灵意，乃是为耶稣作见证。
And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.

19:11    我观看，见天开了。有一匹白马。骑在马上的，称为诚信真实。他审判争战都按着公义。
And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.

19:12    他的眼睛如火焰，他头上戴着许多冠冕。又有写着的名字，除了他自己没有人知道。
His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.

19:13    他穿着溅了血的衣服。他的名称为神之道。
And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God.

19:14    在天上的众军，骑着白马，穿着细麻衣，又白又洁，跟随他。
And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.

19:15    有利剑从他口中出来，可以击杀列国。他必用铁杖辖管他们。（辖管原文作牧）并要踹全能神烈怒的酒榨。
And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.

19:16    在他衣服和大腿上，有名写着说，万王之王，万主之主。
And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.

19:17    我又看见一位天使站在日头中，向天空所飞的鸟，大声喊着说，你们聚集来赴神的大筵席。
And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;

19:18    可以吃君王与将军的肉，壮士与马和骑马者的肉，并一切自主的为奴的，以及大小人民的肉。
That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.

19:19    我看见那兽，和地上的君王，并他们的众军，都聚集，要与骑白马的并他的军兵争战。
And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.

19:20    那兽被擒拿，那在兽面前曾行奇事，迷惑受兽印记，和拜兽像之人的假先知，也与兽同被擒拿。他们两个就活活的被扔在烧着硫磺的火湖里。
And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.

19:21    其馀的被骑白马者口中出来的剑杀了。飞鸟都吃饱了他们的肉。
And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 20 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


20:1    我又看见一位天使从天降下，手里拿着无底坑的钥匙，和一条大链子。
And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.

20:2    他捉住那龙，就是古蛇，又叫魔鬼，也叫撒但，把他捆绑一千年，
And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,

20:3    扔在无底坑里，将无底坑关闭，用印封上，使他不得再迷惑列国，等到那一千年完了。以后必须暂时释放他。
And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.

20:4    我又看见几个宝座，也有坐在上面的，并有审判的权柄赐给他们。我又看见那些因为给耶稣作见证，并为神之道被斩者的灵魂，和那没有拜过兽像，也没有在额上和手上受过他印记之人的灵魂，他们都复活了，与基督一同作王一千年。
And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.

20:5    这是头一次的复活。其馀的死人还没有复活，直等那一千年完了。
But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.

20:6    在头一次复活有分的，有福了，圣洁了。第二次的死在他们身上没有权柄。他们必作神和基督的祭司，并要与基督一同作王一千年。
Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.

20:7    那一千年完了，撒但必从监牢里被释放，
And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,

20:8    出来要迷惑地上四方的列国，（方原文作角）就是歌革和玛各，叫他们聚集争战。他们的人数多如海沙。
And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.

20:9    他们上来遍满了全地，围住圣徒的营，与蒙爱的城。就有火从天上降下，烧灭了他们。
And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.

20:10    那迷惑他们的魔鬼，被扔在硫磺的火湖里，就是兽和假先知所在的地方。他们必昼夜受痛苦，直到永永远远。
And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.

20:11    我又看见一个白色的大宝座，与坐在上面的。从他面前天地都逃避，再也无可见之处了。
And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.

20:12    我又看见死了的人，无论大小，都站在宝座前。案卷展开了。并且另有一卷展开，就是生命册。死了的人都凭着这些案卷所记载的，照他们所行的受审判。
And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.

20:13    于是海交出其中的死人。死亡和阴间也交出其中的死人。他们都照各人所行的受审判。
And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.

20:14    死亡和阴间也被扔在火湖里。这火湖就是第二次的死。
And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.

20:15    若有人名字没有记在生命册上，他就被扔在火湖里。
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 21 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　　


21:1    我又看见一个新天新地。因为先前的天地已经过去了。海也不再有了。
And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.

21:2    我又看见圣城新耶路撒冷由神那里从天而降，豫备好了，就如新妇壮饰整齐，等候丈夫。
And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.

21:3    我听见有大声音从宝座出来说，看哪，神的帐幕在人间。他要与人同住，他们要作他的子民，神要亲自与他们同在，作他们的神。
And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.

21:4    神要擦去他们一切的眼泪。不再有死亡，也不再有悲哀，哭号，疼痛，因为以前的事都过去了。
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.

21:5    坐宝座的说，看哪，我将一切都更新了。又说，你要写上。因这些话是可信的，是真实的。
And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.

21:6    他又对我说，都成了。我是阿拉法，我是俄梅戛，我是初，我是终。我要将生命泉的水白白赐给那口渴的人喝。
And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.

21:7    得胜的，必承受这些为业。我要作他的神，他要作我的儿子。
He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.

21:8    惟有胆怯的，不信的，可憎的，杀人的，淫乱的，行邪术的，拜偶像的，和一切说谎话的，他们的分就在烧着硫磺的火湖里。这是第二次的死。
But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.

21:9    拿着七个金碗，盛满末后七灾的七位天使中，有一位来对我说，你到这里来，我要将新妇，就是羔羊的妻，指给你看。
And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.

21:10    我被圣灵感动，天使就带我到一座高大的山，将那由神那里从天而降的圣城耶路撒冷指示我。
And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,

21:11    城中有神的荣耀。城的光辉如同极贵的宝石，好像碧玉，明如水晶。
Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;

21:12    有高大的墙。有十二个门，门上有十二位天使。门上又写着以色列十二个支派的名字。
And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:

21:13    东边有三门。北边有三门。南边有三门。西边有三门。
On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.

21:14    城墙有十二根基，根基上有羔羊十二使徒的名字。
And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

21:15    对我说话的拿着金苇子当尺，要量那城，和城门城墙。
And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.

21:16    城的四方的，长宽一样。天使用苇子量那城，共有四千里。长宽高都是一样。
And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.

21:17    又量了城墙，按着人的尺寸，就是天使的尺寸，共有一百四十四肘。
And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.

21:18    墙是碧玉造的。城是精金的，如同明净的玻璃。
And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass.

21:19    城墙的根基是用各样宝石修饰的。第一根基是碧玉。第二是蓝宝石。第三是绿玛瑙。第四是绿宝石。
And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;

21:20    第五是红玛瑙。第六是红宝石。第七是黄璧玺。第八是水苍玉。第九是红璧玺。第十是翡翠。第十一是紫玛瑙。第十二是紫晶。
The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.

21:21    十二个门是十二颗珍珠。每门是一颗珍珠。城内的街道是精金，好像明透的玻璃。
And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.

21:22    我未见城内有殿，因主神全能者，和羔羊，为城的殿。
And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.

21:23    那城内又不用日月光照。因有神的荣耀光照。又有羔羊为城的灯。
And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.

21:24    列国要在城的光里行走。地上的君王必将自己的荣耀归与那城。
And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.

21:25    城门白昼总不关闭。在那里原没有黑夜。
And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.

21:26    人必将列国的荣耀尊贵归与那城。
And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.

21:27    凡不洁净的，并那行可憎与虚谎之事的，总不得进那城。只有名字写在羔羊生命册上的才得进去。
And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.



新约 -- 启示录(Revelation) -- 第 22 章 ( 本篇共有 22 章 )    　


22:1    天使又指示我在城内街道当中一道生命水的河，明亮如水晶，从神和羔羊的宝座流出来。
And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.

22:2    在河这边与那边有生命树，结十二样果子，（样或作回）每月都结果子。树上的叶子乃为医治万民。
In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, was there the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.

22:3    以后再没有咒诅。在城里有神和羔羊的宝座。他的仆人都要事奉他。
And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him:

22:4    也要见他的面。他的名字必写在他们的额上。
And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.

22:5    不再有黑夜。他们也不用灯光日光。因为主神要光照他们。他们要作王，直到永永远远。
And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.

22:6    天使又对我说，这些话是真实可信的。主就是众先知被感之灵的神，差遣他的使者，将那必要快成的事指示他仆人。
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done.

22:7    看哪，我必快来。凡遵守这书上预言的有福了。
Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.

22:8    这些事是我约翰所听见所看见的。我既听见看见了。就在指示我的天使脚前俯伏要拜他。
And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.

22:9    他对我说，千万不可。我与你，和你的弟兄众先知，并那些守这书上言语的人，同是作仆人的。你要敬拜神。
Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.

22:10    他又对我说，不可封了这书上的预言。因为日期近了。
And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand.

22:11    不义的，叫他仍旧不义。污秽的，叫他仍旧污秽。为义的，叫他仍旧为义。圣洁的，叫他仍旧圣洁。
He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.

22:12    看哪，我必快来。赏罚在我，要照各人所行的报应他。
And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.

22:13    我是阿拉法，我是俄梅戛，我是首先的，我是末后的，我是初，我是终。
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.

22:14    那些洗净自己衣服的有福了，可得权柄能到生命树那里，也能从门进城。
Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.

22:15    城外有那些犬类，行邪术的，淫乱的，杀人的，拜偶像的，并一切喜好说谎编造虚谎的。
For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.

22:16    我耶稣差遣我的使者为众教会将这些事向你们证明。我是大卫的根，又是他的后裔。我是明亮的晨星。
I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

22:17    圣灵和新妇都说来。听见的人也该说来。口渴的人也当来。愿意的都可以白白取生命的水喝。
And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

22:18    我向一切听见这书上预言的作见证，若有人在这预言上加添什么，神必将在这书上的灾祸加在他身上。
For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

22:19    这书上的预言，若有人删去什么，神必从这书上所写的生命树，和圣城，删去他的分。
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

22:20    证明这事的说，是了。我必快来。阿们。主耶稣阿，我愿你来。
He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.

22:21    愿主耶稣的恩惠，常与众圣徒同在。阿们。
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
--------------------
美中美论坛　www.mzmei.cn
提供TXT UMD JAR 手机书免费下载
--------------------